['Two imprisoned men bond over a number of years, finding solace and eventual redemption through acts of common decency.::Carl Schultz', "Chronicles the experiences of a formerly successful banker as a prisoner in the gloomy jailhouse of Shawshank after being found guilty of a crime he did not commit. The film portrays the man's unique way of dealing with his new, torturous life; along the way he befriends a number of fellow prisoners, most notably a wise long-term inmate named Red.::J-S-Golden", "Story of a hot-shot American banker Andrew Dufresne who finds himself to be an inmate at the Shawshank prison for a crime he says he didn't commit, the murder of his wife and her lover. The movie revolves around Andy's take on this drastic transformation, his journey as an inmate in the prison during which he befriends Red, a fellow inmate as well as gains the respect of his aaaa::ahmetkozan", 'After the murder of his wife, hotshot banker Andrew Dufresne is sent to Shawshank Prison, where the usual unpleasantness occurs. Over the years, he retains hope and eventually gains the respect of his fellow inmates, especially longtime convict "Red" Redding, a black marketeer, and becomes influential within the prison. Eventually, Andrew achieves his ends on his own terms.::Reid Gagle', "Andy Dufresne is sent to Shawshank Prison for the murder of his wife and her secret lover. He is very isolated and lonely at first, but realizes there is something deep inside your body that people can't touch or get to....'HOPE'. Andy becomes friends with prison 'fixer' Red, and Andy epitomizes why it is crucial to have dreams. His spirit and determination lead us into a world full of imagination, one filled with courage and desire. Will Andy ever realize his dreams?::Andy Haque", 'Bank Merchant Andy Dufresne is convicted of the murder of his wife and her lover, and sentenced to life imprisonment at Shawshank prison. Life seems to have taken a turn for the worse, but fortunately Andy befriends some of the other inmates, in particular a character known only as Red. Over time Andy finds ways to live out life with relative ease as one can in a prison, leaving a message for all that while the body may be locked away in a cell, the spirit can never be truly imprisoned.::Dave Moody']
['The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son.::Carl Schultz', 'The Godfather "Don" Vito Corleone is the head of the Corleone mafia family in New York. He is at the event of his daughter\'s wedding. Michael, Vito\'s youngest son and a decorated WW II Marine is also present at the wedding. Michael seems to be uninterested in being a part of the family business. Vito is a powerful man, and is kind to all those who give him respect but is ruthless against those who do not. But when a powerful and treacherous rival wants to sell drugs and needs the Don\'s influence for the same, Vito refuses to do it. What follows is a clash between Vito\'s fading old values and the new ways which may cause Michael to do the thing he was most reluctant in doing and wage a mob war against all the other mafia families which could tear the Corleone family apart.::srijanarora-152-448595', 'Michael, the young and idealistic son of Vito Corleone, the head of the most powerful Mafia clan in New York, returns home as a war hero and is determined to live his own life. But tragic circumstances make him face the legacy of his family.::fiveisforsecret', 'In New York City, 1945, Michael Corleone, a decorated World War II veteran and son of Vito Corleone, the Don of the Corleone crime family, is determined to live a life with his greatest love, Kay Adams, and stay out of the family business. But with the health and status of his father slowly deteriorating, Michael begins to realize that some burdens cannot be avoided, and the inevitability of his fate as the patriarch of the Corleone crime family.::goddangwatir', 'The story begins as "Don" Vito Corleone, the head of a New York Mafia "family", oversees his daughter\'s wedding with his wife Carmela. His beloved son Michael has just come home from the war, but does not intend to become part of his father\'s business. Through Michael\'s life the nature of the family business becomes clear. The business of the family is just like the head of the family, kind and benevolent to those who give respect, but given to ruthless violence whenever anything stands against the good of the family. Don Vito lives his life in the way of the old country, but times are changing and some don\'t want to follow the old ways and look out for community and "family". An up and coming rival of the Corleone family wants to start selling drugs in New York, and needs the Don\'s influence to further his plan. The clash of the Don\'s fading old world values and the new ways will demand a terrible price, especially from Michael, all for the sake of the family.::Charlie Ness', "Vito Corleone is the aging don (head) of the Corleone Mafia Family. His youngest son Michael has returned from WWII just in time to see the wedding of Connie Corleone (Michael's sister) to Carlo Rizzi. All of Michael's family is involved with the Mafia, but Michael just wants to live a normal life. Drug dealer Virgil Sollozzo is looking for Mafia families to offer him protection in exchange for a profit of the drug money. He approaches Don Corleone about it, but, much against the advice of the Don's lawyer Tom Hagen, the Don is morally against the use of drugs, and turns down the offer. This does not please Sollozzo, who has the Don shot down by some of his hit men. The Don barely survives, which leads his son Michael to begin a violent mob war against Sollozzo and tears the Corleone family apart.::TheElfstone"]
['The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.::Kenneth Chisholm', 'The continuing saga of the Corleone crime family tells the story of a young Vito Corleone growing up in Sicily and in 1910s New York; and follows Michael Corleone in the 1950s as he attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas, Hollywood and Cuba.::Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca>', 'The life of Vito Corleone is shown as he becomes from a boy born in Sicily to one of the most respected mafia dons of New York while Micheal attempts to expand his business empire into Las Vegas, Florida and pre-revolution Cuba while facing his own personal problems trying to keep his collapsing marriage and relationship with his brother intact.::ahmetkozan', "The continuation of the Godfather saga with two focuses: the ongoing story of the Corleone family, and Michael in particular, and Vito Corleone's (Michael's father) backstory. Regarding the ongoing Michael Corleone story, it is about seven years since the events that concluded The Godfather. With the murders of the heads of the other four New York / New Jersey families, the Corleone family has unassailable control in New York. The move to Nevada went smoothly and Michael Corleone controls several hotels and casinos in the state. Frank Pentageli, the man who runs Michael's interests in New York, comes to Michael, asking if he can take out the Rosato Brothers as they are infringing on Pentageli's turf and business interests. However, the Rosatos are backed by Hyman Roth, a business partner of Michael's and a long- time ally of Michael's father, Vito Corleone, and Michael refuses. An attempted assassination attempt is then carried out on Michael's life, in his own home. Michael investigates who is trying to kill him, and suspects that there is a traitor in his family. Meanwhile. Michael and Hyman Roth fly to Cuba to finalise some business deals there. The Cuban trip reveals all. In a story interwoven with the present day, we see the backstory to Vito Corleone. From how his parents and brother were murdered by a Don in their home town of Corleone in Sicily, to his escaping, as a boy, to New York, his adult life and his rise to Don Corleone.::grantss", 'The childhood of Vito Corleone and his rise from a petty criminal to the most powerful don in New York City during the early 20th century is depicted, whilst his son Don Michael Corleone succumbs to power, greed, and ruthlessness, all for the sake of pride and keeping the Corleone family intact.::goddangwatir']
['When the menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, Batman must accept one of the greatest psychological and physical tests of his ability to fight injustice.::ahmetkozan', 'Set within a year after the events of Batman Begins (2005), Batman, Lieutenant James Gordon, and new District Attorney Harvey Dent successfully begin to round up the criminals that plague Gotham City, until a mysterious and sadistic criminal mastermind known only as "The Joker" appears in Gotham, creating a new wave of chaos. Batman\'s struggle against The Joker becomes deeply personal, forcing him to "confront everything he believes" and improve his technology to stop him. A love triangle develops between Bruce Wayne, Dent, and Rachel Dawes.::Leon Lombardi', 'The follow-up to Batman Begins (2005), this movie reunites Writer, Producer, and Director Christopher Nolan and Christian Bale, who reprises the role of Batman/Bruce Wayne in his continuing war on crime. With the help of Lieutenant James Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to destroy organized crime in Gotham for good. The triumvirate proves to be effective. But soon the three find themselves prey to a rising criminal mastermind known as "The Joker", who thrusts Gotham into anarchy and forces Batman closer to crossing the fine line between hero and vigilante.', 'Gotham\'s new District Attorney has been elected. His name is Harvey Dent, and he has a radical new agenda that threatens to take down Gotham\'s organized crime underworld once and for all with an iron fist. But the emergence of the rogue vigilante known as Batman has caused problems for Dent and his agenda. A new criminal mastermind known only as "The Joker" has arrived and aims to take Gotham out from under Harvey Dent\'s iron fist. The Joker stages a masterfully planned bank robbery and robs the Gotham mob blind. He uses this money to stage a series of horrific and strategic attacks against the city and its people, each one carefully planned and aimed at Dent and Batman, while causing the rest of the city to enter panic mode. Meanwhile, Batman thinks he might have found a lead to The Joker thanks to Wayne Enterprises\' dealings with a shady Chinese banker, and that takes Batman and Alfred to Hong Kong. The Joker has no rules, but Batman has only one, and the Joker aims to make Batman break his only rule. But who will be the one to take him out, will it be rogue vigilante Batman, or will it be elected official Harvey Dent, the new hero with a face?::halo1k', 'One year after the events of Batman Begins (2008), Batman, Lieutenant James Gordon, and District Attorney Harvey Dent plan to launch an attack on the mob by arresting the shady accountant of the mob, Lau. Lau is abducted from his building by Batman and is thrown into jail. Lau divulges the secrets which results in almost all the mob bosses thrown in jail. The desperate mob bosses turn to The Joker, a sadistic psychopath with green hair, completely yellow teeth, and a custom purple suit. The Joker kills a judge, the Police Commissioner, and tries to kill the Mayor and Harvey. The acts of The Joker produces anarchy and chaos in the people of Gotham, forcing Batman to come to terms to which may seem to be his greatest test to fight injustice and come closer to the fine line between hero and vigilante.::srijanarora-152-448595', 'With the help of allies Lieutenant James Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman has been able to keep a tight lid on crime in Gotham City. But when a vile young criminal calling himself "The Joker" suddenly throws the city into chaos, the Caped Crusader begins to tread a fine line between heroism and vigilantism.::Jwelch5742']
['A jury holdout attempts to prevent a miscarriage of justice by forcing his colleagues to reconsider the evidence.::ahmetkozan', "The defense and the prosecution have rested and the jury is filing into the jury room to decide if a young man is guilty or innocent of murdering his father. What begins as an open-and-shut case of murder soon becomes a detective story that presents a succession of clues creating doubt, and a mini-drama of each of the jurors' prejudices and preconceptions about the trial, the accused, and each other. Based on the play, all of the action takes place on the stage of the jury room.::pjk <PETESID@VNET.IBM.COM>", "When a young Puerto Rican boy is on trial for the alleged murder of his father, 11 of the 12 jurors are quick to voki tnje that he is guilty in an ostensibly straightforward case. The remaining juror, Juror #8, seems skeptical about the evidence at hand and demands a thorough deliberation of the facts from each juror befbyjore sentencing the boy to death, toiy prove the defendant's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.::Kyle Perez", '"12 Angry Men" focuses on a jury\'s deliberations in a capital murder case. A 12-man jury is sent to begin deliberations in the first-degree murder trial of an 18-year old Puerto Rican boy accused in the stabbing death of his father, where a guilty verdict means an automatic death sentence. The case appears to be open-and-shut: The defendant has a weak alibi; a knife he claimed to have lost is found at the murder scene; and several witnesses either heard screaming, saw the killing or the boy fleeing the scene. Eleven of the jurors immediately vote guilty; only Juror No. 8 (Mr. Davis) casts a not guilty vote. At first Mr. Davis bases his vote more so for the sake of discussion; after all, the jurors must believe beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant is guilty. As the deliberations unfold, the story quickly becomes a study of the jurors\' complex personalities (which range from wise, bright and empathetic to arrogant, prejudiced and merciless), preconceptions, backgrounds and interactions. That provides the backdrop to Mr. Davis\' attempts in convincing the other jurors that a "not guilty" verdict might be appropriate.::Brian Rathjen <briguy_52732@yahoo.com>']
['In German-occupied Poland during World War II, industrialist Oskar Schindler gradually becomes concerned for his Jewish workforce after witnessing their persecution by the Nazis.::Chris White', 'Oskar Schindler is a vain and greedy German businessman who becomes an unlikely humanitarian amid the barbaric German Nazi reign when he feels compelled to turn his factory into a refuge for Jews. Based on the true story of Oskar Schindler who managed to save about 1100 Jews from being gassed at the Auschwitz concentration camp, it is a testament to the good in all of us.::Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de>', "The incredible true story of the enigmatic and opportunistic businessman Oskar Schindler, who saved the lives of more than 1,100 Jews during the Holocaust. Schindler's List chronicles the trials and triumph of one man who made a difference and the tribulations of those who survived one of the darkest chapters in human history because of his actions.::Spiricom", 'Businessman Oskar Schindler arrives in Krakow in 1939, ready to make his fortune from World War II, which has just started. After joining the Nazi party primarily for political expediency, he staffs his factory with Jewish workers for similarly pragmatic reasons. When the SS begins exterminating Jews in the Krakow ghetto, Schindler arranges to have his workers protected to keep his factory in operation, but soon realizes that in so doing, he is also saving innocent lives.::Jwelch5742', 'The true story of Czech born Oskar Schindler, a businessman who tried to make his fortune during the Second World War by exploiting cheap Jewish labour, but ended up penniless having saved over 1000 Polish Jews from almost certain death during the Holocaust.::Rob Hartill', '"Schindler\'s List" is the based-on-truth story of Nazi Czech business man Oskar Schindler, who uses Jewish labor to start a factory in occupied Poland. As World War II progresses, and the fate of the Jews becomes more and more clear, Schindler\'s motivations switch from profit to human sympathy and he is able to save over 1100 Jews from death in the gas chambers.::Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com>']
["Gandalf and Aragorn lead the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw his gaze from Frodo and Sam as they approach Mount Doom with the One Ring.::ahmetkozan", "The final confrontation between the forces of good and evil fighting for control of the future of Middle-earth. Frodo and Sam reach Mordor in their quest to destroy the One Ring, while Aragorn leads the forces of good against Sauron's evil army at the stone city of Minas Tirith.::Jwelch5742", "Sauron's forces have laid siege to Minas Tirith, the capital of Gondor, in their efforts to eliminate the race of men. The once-great kingdom, watched over by a fading Steward, has never been in more desperate need of its King. But can Aragorn answer the call of his heritage and become what he was born to be? In no small measure, the fate of Middle-earth rests on his broad shoulders. With the final battle joined, and the legions of darkness gathering, Gandalf urgently tries to rally Gondor's broken army to action. He is aided by Rohan's King Theoden, who unites his warriors for history's biggest test. Yet even with their courage and passionate loyalty, the forces of men, with Eowyn and Merry hidden amongst them, are no match for the enemies swarming against Gondor. Still, in the face of great losses, they charge forward into the battle of their lifetimes, tied together by their singular goal to keep Sauron distracted and give the Ring Bearer a chance to complete his quest. Their hopes rest with Frodo, a tiny but determined Hobbit making a perilous trip across treacherous enemy lands to cast the One Ring into the fires of Mount Doom. The closer Frodo gets to his destination, the heavier his burden becomes, and the more he must rely on Samwise Gamgee. Gollum, and the Ring, will test Frodo's allegiances and, ultimately, his humanity.::Jwelch5742", 'Gondor is overrun by the orcs of Mordor, and Gandalf rides to Minas Tirith to aid the humans in the war that is ahead. Aragorn must realize his true identity and purpose as the King of Men, and journey with Gimli and Legolas to summon the Army of the Dead so that the battle against evil can be won. Meanwhile, paranoia and suspicion rises between Frodo, Sam, and Gollum as they continue their increasingly dark and dangerous travel to Mount Doom, the one place where the One Ring can be destroyed once and for all.::Qrrbirbel', 'The Fellowship divides to conquer as Frodo and Sam, with the help and hindrance of Gollum, continue their way to Mount Doom. Gandalf and Pippin ride to Minas Tirith to help defend Gondor while Merry remains with Éowyn and the other Rohan fighters. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli seek aid from those that live in the Cursed Mountains. All of these battles have one goal in mind: distract the Eye of Sauron and buy Frodo a little more time to destroy the One Ring.::PompeyV', "The War of the Ring reaches its climax as the Dark Lord Sauron sets his sights on Minas Tirith, the capital of Gondor. The members of the Fellowship in Rohan are warned of the impending attack when Pippin cannot resist looking into Saruman's palantír and is briefly contacted by the Dark Lord. King Théoden is too proud to send his men to help without being asked, so Gandalf and Pippin ride to Minas Tirith to see that this request is sent. They meet opposition there from Denethor, Steward of the city and father of Faramir and the late Boromir. Denethor's family has acted as temporary guardians of Gondor for centuries until a member of the true line of Kings returns. This member is none other than Aragorn, who must overcome his own self-doubt before he can take on the role he was destined to fulfill. Meanwhile, Frodo and Sam continue to carry the One Ring towards Mordor, guided by Gollum. What they don't know is that Gollum is leading them into a trap so that he can reclaim the Ring for himself. Though Sam suspects his deceit, Frodo is starting to be corrupted by the Ring's power and the mistrust of Sam this causes is fully exploited by Gollum. The only way good can prevail in this contest is if the Ring is destroyed, an event that is becoming harder every minute for Frodo to achieve. The fate of every living creature in Middle-earth will be decided once and for all as the Quest of the Ringbearer reaches its climax.::rmlohner"]
['The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.::ahmetkozan', 'Jules Winnfield (Samuel L. Jackson) and Vincent Vega (John Travolta) are two hit men who are out to retrieve a suitcase stolen from their employer, mob boss Marsellus Wallace (Ving Rhames). Wallace has also asked Vincent to take his wife Mia (Uma Thurman) out a few days later when Wallace himself will be out of town. Butch Coolidge (Bruce Willis) is an aging boxer who is paid by Wallace to lose his fight. The lives of these seemingly unrelated people are woven together comprising of a series of funny, bizarre and uncalled-for incidents.::Soumitra', "Faced with life's cruel irony, the unpredictable stories of a well-dressed pair of low-level hitmen; a gangster's statuesque moll, and a double-crossing prizefighter become inextricably intertwined, as the small-time crooks, Honey Bunny and Pumpkin, summon up the courage to hold up their favourite L.A. diner. Entrusted with retrieving a glow-emitting leather suitcase which belongs to their boss--the powerful crime kingpin, Marsellus--instead, the dark-suited gunmen, Vincent Vega and Jules Winnfield, end up with a bloody mess. Fortunately--with men like Mr Wolf always around to handle a crisis--there's time to cool off in a long twist contest, while at the same time, the proud champion boxer, Butch, makes the decision of a lifetime. Soon, things will come full circle, as, once more, Jules and Vincent find themselves in the perfect dead-end situation, exactly where it all began: an all-too-familiar cafeteria. Is truth stranger than fiction?::Nick Riganas", 'Pumpkin (Tim Roth) and Honey Bunny (Amanda Plummer) are two thieves who, while dining at a coffee shop, decide that the best thing to do is to rob it. Vincent Vega (John Travolta) and Jules Winnfield (Samuel L. Jackson), two hit men working for mob kingpin Marcellus Wallace (Ving Rhames\'), are sent to retrieve a very special and very mysterious briefcase for their boss. Vincent later must also show Mrs. Wallace (Uma Thurman) a good time while her husband is out. Butch Coolidge (Bruce Willis) is an aging prizefighter who is being paid to "take a dive", but instead accidentally kills his opponent, and tries to flee town, but not before getting his dead father\'s lucky golden watch. These four seemingly unrelated stories are interwoven in a non-linear fashion.::movies_are_forever', "Jules Winnfield (Samuel L. Jackson) and Vincent Vega (John Travolta) work as hit men for crime boss Marcellus Wallace (Ving Rhames). Wallace is currently dealing with Butch Collidge (Bruce Willis), a boxer who failed to throw a fight after taking Wallace's money and is now planning to flee the city, but can't leave his father's watch behind. Vincent faces some problems of his own when Wallace asks him to show his wife Mia (Uma Thurman) a good time while he's away. Some of these people redeem themselves and some don't, and all meet an end appropriate to their choices.::rmlohner", "Vincent Vega (John Travolta) and Jules Winnfield (Samuel L. Jackson) are two hit men on the hunt for a briefcase whose contents were stolen from their boss, Marsellus Wallace (Ving Rhames). They run into a few unexpected detours along the road. Marsellus is out of town, and he's gotten Vincent to take care of his wife, Mia (Uma Thurman. That is, take her out for a night on the town. Things go smoothly until one of them makes a huge error. Butch Coolidge (Bruce Willis) is a boxer who's been approached by Marsellus and been told to throw his latest fight. When Butch ends up killing the other boxer, he must escape Marsellus. Pumpkin (Tim Roth) and Honey Bunny (Amanda Plummer) (not their real names) are two lovebirds/thieves who have decided to rob the restaurant they're currently eating at. But the restaurant doesn't turn out to be as easy as the other places they've robbed.::G-reaper"]
['A bounty hunting scam joins two men in an uneasy alliance against a third in a race to find a fortune in gold buried in a remote cemetery.::Helltopay27', "Blondie (The Good) (Clint Eastwood) is a professional gunslinger who is out trying to earn a few dollars. Angel Eyes (The Bad) (Lee Van Cleef) is a hitman who always commits to a task and sees it through, as long as he is paid to do so. And Tuco (The Ugly) (Eli Wallach) is a wanted outlaw trying to take care of his own hide. Tuco and Blondie share a partnership together making money off of Tuco's bounty, but when Blondie unties the partnership, Tuco tries to hunt down Blondie. When Blondie and Tuco come across a horse carriage loaded with dead bodies, they soon learn from the only survivor, Bill Carson (Antonio Casale), that he and a few other men have buried a stash of gold in a cemetery. Unfortunately, Carson dies and Tuco only finds out the name of the cemetery, while Blondie finds out the name on the grave. Now the two must keep each other alive in order to find the gold. Angel Eyes (who had been looking for Bill Carson) discovers that Tuco and Blondie met with Carson and knows they know the location of the gold. All he needs is for the two to lead him to it. Now The Good, the Bad and the Ugly must all battle it out to get their hands on two hundred thousand dollars worth of gold.::Jeremy Thomson", "During the American Civil War, three men set off to find two hundred thousand dollars in buried gold coins. Tuco (Eli Wallach) and Blondie (Clint Eastwood) have known each other for some time now having used the reward on Tuco's head as a way of earning money. They come across a dying man, Bill Carson (Antonio Casale), who tells them of a treasure in gold coins. By chance, he tells Tuco the name of the cemetery and tells Blondie the name of the grave where the gold is buried. Now rivals, the two men have good reason to keep each other alive. The third man, Angel Eyes (Lee Van Cleef), hears of the gold stash from someone he's been hired to kill. All he knows is to look for for someone named Bill Carson. The three ultimately meet in a showdown that takes place amidst a major battle between Confederate and Union forces.::garykmcd", 'Set during the Civil War, three men search for a fortune in gold. One of these men is Angel Eyes (Lee Van Cleef), a cold-blooded hired killer who was hired by a man to locate his partner who vanished with the gold, but he doesn\'t tell Angel Eyes why he wants him. But Angel Eyes finds out while looking for the man and tells the man who hired him what he found out. But he kills him so he can get the gold himself. The other two men are Tuco (Eli Wallach) and a guy he calls Blondie (Clint Eastwood). Tuco is a bandit. Blondie captures him and turns him in for the reward. But when Tuco is about to be hung, Blondie saves him and they go off and do it somewhere else. After their latest attempt, Blondie tells Tuco they\'ve taken it as far as they can. He leaves Tuco and doesn\'t give him his share. Tuco tracks him down and makes walk across the desert. Later, they come across a stagecoach filled with men who are dead wearing Confederate uniforms, Tuco finds a man dying who just happens to be the man for whom Angel Eyes is looking. He tells Tuco about the gold, but before he could tell Tuco where it is, he passes out. So Tuco goes to get some water, but when he comes back, the man is dead. But Blondie is there and Tuco thinks the man told him where the gold is, so he nurses him back to health. They put on the uniforms and take the stagecoach. They come across some soldiers who they thought were Confederate, but were actually Union, so they take them prisoner and bring them to the Fort. Angel Eyes is there, an officer. When he learns Tuco took the identity of the man for whom is looking, he assumes he knows about the gold. So he talks to Tuco and he "gets" him to tell him about the gold, but Blondie is the one who knows where it is. So he brings Blondie to him, but he\'s not intimidated. So he agrees to take him to where the gold is. So the three of them head off to get the gold. But can they trust each other.::rcs0411@yahoo.com', 'Three different men of three different temperaments and tastes get involved in a long and full-of-adventure battle in order to find a fortune in gold. While the first man, who is an ex-bounty hunter and a forgiving person, knows the name of the cemetery in which the gold is buried, the second, who is a fast-tempered greedy man knows the name on the grave. But the third person, a cruel cold-blooded murderer, knows none. So he has to reach the gold in his own way of finding something.::J. S. Golden', 'A two hundred thousand dollar shipment of Confederate gold is ambushed by Yankees in the southwest making it open season for huge news for every grifter, bad guy, and bounty hunter in the area. Blondie (Clint Eastwood), Angel Eyes (Lee Van Cleef), and Tuco (Eli Wallach) are Good, Bad, and Ugly, respectively. Each one of the three has a key portion of the puzzle leading to the location of the gold. But, none of them ever learned to share.::LA-Lawyer']
['A meek Hobbit from the Shire and eight companions set out on a journey to destroy the powerful One Ring and save Middle-earth from the Dark Lord Sauron.::Paul Twomey <toomsp@hotmail.com> and Brian McInnis', 'An ancient Ring thought lost for centuries has been found, and through a strange twist of fate has been given to a small Hobbit named Frodo. When Gandalf discovers the Ring is in fact the One Ring of the Dark Lord Sauron, Frodo must make an epic quest to the Cracks of Doom in order to destroy it. However, he does not go alone. He is joined by Gandalf, Legolas the elf, Gimli the Dwarf, Aragorn, Boromir, and his three Hobbit friends Merry, Pippin, and Samwise. Through mountains, snow, darkness, forests, rivers and plains, facing evil and danger at every corner the Fellowship of the Ring must go. Their quest to destroy the One Ring is the only hope for the end of the Dark Lords reign.::Paul Twomey <toomsp@hotmail.com>', 'The future of civilization rests in the fate of the One Ring, which has been lost for centuries. Powerful forces are unrelenting in their search for it. But fate has placed it in the hands of a young Hobbit named Frodo Baggins, who inherits the Ring and steps into legend. A daunting task lies ahead for Frodo when he becomes the Ringbearer, to destroy the One Ring in the fires of Mount Doom where it was forged.::Jwelch5742', "The power of Bilbo Baggins' ring of invisibility may have been underestimated, Gandalf the Grey fears its power even with his unfathomable magical abilities. As the power of the one Ring grows, so too do the armies of Sauron and Sarumon as their evil spreads across the lands of man, dwarf, and elf alike. It is up to a ragtag band of heroes to carry the ring to Mount Doom, the evil place of its birth, and cast it into the eternal fires that forged it. Does the fellowship have what it takes to complete its task, or will the powers of evil overcome those of good leaving behind a world ravaged by the rage of Sauron, the Dark Lord?::ahmetkozan", 'In ancient times the Rings of Power were crafted by the Elven-smiths, and Sauron, the Dark Lord, forged the One Ring, filling it with his own power so that he could rule all others. But the One Ring was taken from him, and though he sought it throughout Middle-earth, still it remained lost to him. After many ages it fell, by chance, into the hands of the Hobbit, Bilbo Baggins. On his eleventy-first birthday, Bilbo disappeared, bequeathing to his young nephew, Frodo, the Ruling Ring, and a perilous quest: to journey across Middle-earth, deep into the shadow of the Dark Lord and destroy the Ring by casting it into the Cracks of Doom.::The Tolkien Society', 'In ancient times, the Elven-smiths created the Rings of Power. Then the Dark Lord Sauron created a Ring to rule the Lesser Rings. But the Ring was stolen, and for a long time, he thought it to be lost. But many years later, the Ring came to the hobbit, Bilbo Baggins. In a land called the Shire, Frodo inherits the Ring from his uncle, Bilbo. Now Frodo must take a journey across Middle-earth, and throw the Ring into the volcano, Mt. Doom, the only place it can be destroyed.::nathan77']
['An insomniac office worker and a devil-may-care soapmaker form an underground fight club that evolves into something much, much more.::jrofficial and Joao Bravo', "A nameless first person narrator (Edward Norton) attends support groups in attempt to subdue his emotional state and relieve his insomniac state. When he meets Marla (Helena Bonham Carter), another fake attendee of support groups, his life seems to become a little more bearable. However when he associates himself with Tyler (Brad Pitt) he is dragged into an underground fight club and soap making scheme. Together the two men spiral out of control and engage in competitive rivalry for love and power. When the narrator is exposed to the hidden agenda of Tyler's fight club, he must accept the awful truth that Tyler may not be who he says he is.::Rhiannon", "A young man leads a pretty humdrum life assessing car crashes to determine if his automobile company should issue recalls to fix problems. He also suffers from insomnia and takes to attending group therapy sessions for people who have survived various diseases. There he meets Marla who like him attends these sessions though she is neither a victim nor a survivor. His life changes when he meets Tyler Durden on a flight home. Tyler seems to be everything that he's not and together they create a men-only group for bare-knuckle fighting. It soon becomes all the rage with fight clubs springing up across the country and the group itself becoming an anti-capitalist domestic terrorist organization. Tyler and Marla develop a relationship leaving him often on the outside of what is going on. He soon finds that the group is out of control and after a major self-revelation decides there is only one way out.::garykmcd", 'An insomniac unnamed narrator needs a fantasy to escape from his deadly boring life, he tries joining a cancer support group however the only thing they do in the group is cry into each others chest, but then he is on a plane on his way back from what a viewer would assume is a business trip our unnamed narrator encounters Tyler Durden, a soap selling bad-ass who happens to run a secret fight club in the diner parking lot with his friend who follows 8 simple rules set out by Tyler, our unnamed narrator of course is taken into this scheme ran by Tyler.::ahmetkozan', 'Posing as a pitiful sufferer during fruitless late-night sessions in highly addictive support groups for terminal illnesses, an unhappy insomniac struggles to find meaning in his mundane and dysfunctional existence. Then, a fateful encounter with the anarchist philosopher and travelling soap salesman, Tyler Durden, changes his life, as--for the first time in a long while--the bored white-collar worker reconnects with his inner self. Much to his surprise, the formerly depressed loner finds himself deriving pleasure out of pain through bare-knuckle brawls in the Fight Club: an underground society of men who yearn to free themselves from the fetters of a cruel modern life. Now, he is ready to wage war. Are violence and freedom the two sides of the same coin?::Nick Riganas', "A young urban professional who works for a major car manufacturer can't sleep. Although he doesn't have any of the associated afflictions, he stumbles across support groups as a means to let out whatever emotions he is feeling, which in turn allows him to sleep. But the use of these support groups is ruined when he meets a young woman named Marla Singer, who is also going to all these support group meetings. Because he knows she too is not afflicted with any of the maladies for which the groups exist, her presence has lessened the impact of the stories he hears. His life changes when he meets a soap manufacturer named Tyler Durden, who in many ways is the antithesis of the insomniac. Due to unusual circumstances with his own condo, the insomniac moves in with Tyler, who lives in a large dilapidated house in an otherwise abandoned part of town. After a bit of spontaneous roughhousing with Tyler in a bar parking lot, the insomniac finds it becomes a ritual between the two of them, which helps him cope with the other more difficult aspects of his life. The fights also attract a following, others who not only want to watch but join in. Understanding that there are other men like them, the insomniac and Tyler begin a secret fight club. As the fight club's popularity grows, so does its scope in all aspects. Marla becomes a circle not specifically of the fight clubs but of Tyler and the insomniac's collectives lives. As the nature of the fight clubs becomes out of control in the insomniac's view, the insomniac's life, in association, is one where he no longer understands what is happening around him, or how he can get out of it without harming himself.::Huggo"]
['The presidencies of Kennedy and Johnson, the events of Vietnam, Watergate and other historical events unfold through the perspective of an Alabama man with an IQ of 75, whose only desire is to be reunited with his childhood sweetheart.::ahmetkozan', "Forrest Gump is a simple man with a low I.Q. but good intentions. He is running through childhood with his best and only friend Jenny. His 'mama' teaches him the ways of life and leaves him to choose his destiny. Forrest joins the army for service in Vietnam, finding new friends called Dan and Bubba, he wins medals, creates a famous shrimp fishing fleet, inspires people to jog, starts a ping-pong craze, creates the smiley, writes bumper stickers and songs, donates to people and meets the president several times. However, this is all irrelevant to Forrest who can only think of his childhood sweetheart Jenny Curran, who has messed up her life. Although in the end all he wants to prove is that anyone can love anyone.::aliw135", "The movie Forrest Gump follows the life events of a man who shares the name as the title of the film. Gump faces many tribulations throughout his life, but he never lets any of them interfere with his happiness. From wearing braces on his legs, to having a below average IQ and even being shot, Gump continues to believe that good things will happen and goes after his dreams. While several less than ideal things occur during Gump's life, he manages to turn each setback into something good for him, such as when he finally gets his braces off he discovers that he is capable of running faster than most other people. This skill allows Gump to not only escape his bullies while he is a child in Greenbow, but also to gain a football scholarship, save many soldiers' lives and become famous for his ability. While Gump eventually achieves the majority of the things he hoped to throughout the movie, it proved a much more difficult task to win the heart of his life-long friend Jenny Curran. The movie is centered on Forrest Gump and the incidences that occur during his life, but during each period in his lifetime he thinks back of Jenny and how important she is to him. Although the two characters grew up together and shared a very close friendship, as the movie progresses they grow apart. This upsets Gump who cares immensely for the girl who had a rough start in life, and it seems the two always end up back in each other's lives, often in extraordinary ways like meeting in the Reflection Pond in D.C. Even though Gump is the main character of the film, it similarly tells the story of Curran and the hardships she faces.::Kathryn Logue", '"Stupid is as stupid does" is what Forrest Gump hears throughout his less than picturesque childhood. Though not as smart as the people he meets along the way, Forrest is thrust into some scary, crazy and downright incredible situations, rubbing shoulders with some great historical figures and escaping many dangers on sheer dumb luck. His giant heart and never fading love for his lifelong friend Jenny take him on a journey where he learns what his destiny is.::Ed Morales', "A simple-minded but kind-hearted Alabama boy grows up with his best friend - a beautiful girl called Jenny. He succeeds in life through a mixture of luck and destiny and thus influences and is present at some of the most important events in the second half of the 20th century. Throughout his life he is told by other characters what life is about and whether it's all random or destined to happen, but he comes to his own conclusion towards the end.", 'Slow-witted Forrest Gump has never thought of himself as disadvantaged, and thanks to his supportive mother, he leads anything but a restricted life. Whether dominating on the gridiron as a college football star, fighting in Vietnam or captaining a shrimp boat, Forrest inspires people with his childlike optimism. But one person Forrest cares about most may be the most difficult to save -- his childhood love, the sweet but troubled Jenny.::Jwelch5742']
['A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O.::ahmetkozan', "Dom Cobb is a skilled thief, the absolute best in the dangerous art of extraction, stealing valuable secrets from deep within the subconscious during the dream state, when the mind is at its most vulnerable. Cobb's rare ability has made him a coveted player in this treacherous new world of corporate espionage, but it has also made him an international fugitive and cost him everything he has ever loved. Now Cobb is being offered a chance at redemption. One last job could give him his life back but only if he can accomplish the impossible, inception. Instead of the perfect heist, Cobb and his team of specialists have to pull off the reverse: their task is not to steal an idea, but to plant one. If they succeed, it could be the perfect crime. But no amount of careful planning or expertise can prepare the team for the dangerous enemy that seems to predict their every move. An enemy that only Cobb could have seen coming.::Warner Bros. Pictures", 'Dominic Cobb is an spy who instead of breaking into a person\'s home, office, or even computer, gets the information he needs by getting into the person\'s mind through their dreams. Cobb is also a fugitive who misses his children. Someone approaches Cobb and wants to hire him but instead of getting information out, the man wants Cobb to implant something, a process called "inception", which is not easy to do. Cobb is hesitant to do it, but when the man offers to help Cobb go back to his children, Cobb agrees. So he assembles his team but when they begin, there are things Cobb didn\'t tell his team that could jeopardize the job, and when they occur, they\'re not sure if they should continue.::rcs0411@yahoo.com', 'Dominic Cobb is the foremost practitioner of the artistic science of extraction, inserting oneself into a subject\'s dreams to obtain hidden information without the subject knowing, a concept taught to him by his professor father-in-law, Dr. Stephen Miles. Dom\'s associates are Miles\' former students, who Dom requires as he has given up being the dream architect for reasons he won\'t disclose. Dom\'s primary associate, Arthur, believes it has something to do with Dom\'s deceased wife, Mal, who often figures prominently and violently in those dreams, or Dom\'s want to "go home" (get back to his own reality, which includes two young children). Dom\'s work is generally in corporate espionage. As the subjects don\'t want the information to get into the wrong hands, the clients have zero tolerance for failure. Dom is also a wanted man, as many of his past subjects have learned what Dom has done to them. One of those subjects, Mr. Saito, offers Dom a job he can\'t refuse: to take the concept one step further into inception, namely planting thoughts into the subject\'s dreams without them knowing. Inception can fundamentally alter that person as a being. Saito\'s target is Robert Michael Fischer, the heir to an energy business empire, which has the potential to rule the world if continued on the current trajectory. Beyond the complex logistics of the dream architecture of the case and some unknowns concerning Fischer, the biggest obstacles in success for the team become worrying about one aspect of inception which Cobb fails to disclose to the other team members prior to the job, and Cobb\'s newest associate Ariadne\'s belief that Cobb\'s own subconscious, especially as it relates to Mal, may be taking over what happens in the dreams.::Huggo', 'Mr. Cobb a unique con artist can enter anyone\'s dreams and extract the most valuable ideas and secrets of people with the help of "inception" (a dream sharing technology) when the state of mind is at its vulnerable best. Cobbs ability has made him the face of corporate spying, hence a wanted man too. Seeing his abilities, he is approached by Saito to carry out an almost impossible mission not to steal, but to plant the idea into the mind of the legal heir of a billion dollar enterprenauer. Mr. Cobb, with some specialists, must do the impossible in order to get back his life in a completely different "world of dreams" facing his own demons.::Mahesh Shelatkar', "Dom Cobb is a thief with the rare ability to enter people's dreams and steal their secrets from their subconsciouses. His skill has made him a hot commodity in the world of corporate espionage, but has also cost him everything he loves. Cobb gets a chance at redemption when he is offered a seemingly impossible task: Plant an idea in someone's mind. If he succeeds, it will be the perfect crime, but a dangerous enemy anticipates Cobb's every move.::Jwelch5742"]
['After the Rebels are brutally overpowered by the Empire on the ice planet Hoth, Luke Skywalker begins Jedi training with Yoda, while his friends are pursued by Darth Vader and a bounty hunter named Boba Fett all over the galaxy.::Trance & Travis Brainerd', "Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, Princess Leia and Chewbacca face attack by the Imperial forces and its AT-AT walkers on the ice planet Hoth. While Han and Leia escape in the Millennium Falcon, Luke travels to Dagobah in search of Yoda. Only with the Jedi Master's help will Luke survive when the Dark Side of the Force beckons him into the ultimate duel with Darth Vader.::Jwelch5742", "Fleeing the evil Galactic Empire, the Rebels abandon their new base in an assault with the Imperial AT-AT walkers on the ice world of Hoth. Princess Leia, Han Solo, Chewbacca, and C-3PO escape in the Millennium Falcon, but are later captured by Darth Vader on Bespin. Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker and R2-D2 follow Obi-wan Kenobi's posthumous command, and receives Jedi training from Master Yoda on the swamp world of Dagobah. Will Skywalker manage to rescue his friends from the Dark Lord?::James Pearce <james.pearce@cs.man.ac.uk>", "After receiving a vision from Obi-wan Kenobi and fleeing the ice world of Hoth with his friends after an Imperial attack, Luke Skywalker travels to the marsh planet of Dagobah, where he is instructed in the ways of the Force by the legendary Jedi Master Yoda. Meanwhile, Han Solo and Princess Leia make their way to planet Bespin, where they are greeted by Han's old friend, a shifty gambler named Lando Calrissian. Ambushed by the Empire shortly after their arrival, Han and his friends are imprisoned by Darth Vader. Luke leaves Dagobah to rescue his friends, and is met by Vader and a startling revelation.::Logic <logic@linux.slackware.org>", 'In this movie, the battle to save the galaxy from the evil Darth Vader rages on. Han Solo, Princess Leia, and Chewbacca are tested in a devastating attack by the Imperial army and its AT-AT walkers. Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker seeks out the ancient Yoda to learn the secrets of the Jedi, secrets Luke will need when the Dark Side of the Force beckons him in a destiny-defining duel with Darth Vader.::Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com>', "The story of Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, Princess Leia, and the others did not end with the destruction of the Death Star, it continues in this movie. Imperial forces have since driven the Rebels to hide on the ice world of Hoth. But even on such an icy, backwater world, they cannot escape the evil Darth Vader's eyes for long, and he devastates the Rebel base in an assault with the Imperial AT-AT walkers. Luke flees to Dagobah to begin Jedi training with Master Yoda, while Han Solo, Chewbacca, Princess Leia, and C-3PO run the blockade of Imperial Star Destroyers in the Millennium Falcon. The Imperials pursue them across the galaxy and eventually catch up with them on Bespin. Now Darth Vader plans to use them as bait to lure Luke Skywalker to him, and turns Han Solo over to Boba Fett as a prize to be delivered to crime lord Jabba the Hutt. Luke learns a terrible family secret after losing a swordfight with the Dark Lord. Will he, and the others, escape the Empire's clutches?::medic249a2"]
["While Frodo and Sam edge closer to Mordor with the help of the shifty Gollum, the divided fellowship makes a stand against Sauron's new ally, Saruman, and his hordes of Isengard.::Trance", "The continuing quest of Frodo and the Fellowship to destroy the One Ring. Frodo and Sam discover they are being followed by the mysterious Gollum. Aragorn, the Elf archer Legolas, and Gimli the Dwarf encounter the besieged Rohan kingdom, whose once great King Theoden has fallen under Saruman's deadly spell.::Jwelch5742", "The Fellowship is torn apart. Sauron's power is growing stronger. While venturing on to Mordor, Frodo and Sam come across the grotesque creature Gollum, who is forever consumed by the Ring's power. Meanwhile, Aragorn, Gandalf, Legolas and Gimli meet up with new allies in the Plains of Rohan. Together, they must work to defend the people of Rohan against Sauron's puppet Saruman as he unleashes his armies from Isengard. All the while, Sauron prepares to launch an attack on Gondor. The War for the Ring begins here.::Blazer346", "Sauron's forces increase. His allies grow. The Ringwraiths return in an even more frightening form. Saruman's army of Uruk-hai is ready to launch an assault against Aragorn and the people of Rohan. Yet, the Fellowship is broken and Boromir is dead. For the little hope that is left, Frodo and Sam march on into Mordor, unprotected. Several new allies join with Aragorn, Gimli, Legolas, Pippin, and Merry, and they must defend Rohan and attack Isengard. Yet, while all this is going on, Sauron's troops mass toward Gondor, for the War of the Ring is about to begin.::ahmetkozan", 'The Fellowship has been broken. Boromir is dead, Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee have gone to Mordor alone to destroy the One Ring, Merry and Pippin have been captured by the Uruk-hai, and Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli have made friends of the Rohan, a race of humans that are in the path of the upcoming war, led by its aging King, Théoden. The two towers between Mordor and Isengard, Barad-dûr and Orthanc, have united in their lust for destruction. The corrupt wizard Saruman, under the power of the Dark Lord Sauron, and his slimy assistant, Gríma Wormtongue, have created a grand Uruk-hai army bent on the destruction of Man and Middle-earth. The rebellion against Sauron is building up and will be led by Gandalf the White, who was thought to be dead after the Balrog captured him. One of the Ring\'s original bearers, the creature Gollum, has tracked Frodo and Sam down in search of his "precious", but is captured by the Hobbits and used as a way to lead them to Mt. Doom. The War of the Ring has now begun.::Will', "Frodo and Sam take Gollum prisoner and continue on to Mordor on the mission to destroy The One Ring. While their former companions Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, Merry, and Pippin make new allies in the Ents, the Riders of Rohan, and the Stewards of Gondor, and launch an assault on Isengard. All the while a growing Shadow falls upon Middle-earth as the Dark Lord's Army marches on to Gondor. The War of the Ring has begun.::Paul Twomey <ptwomey@bne.catholic.edu.au>"]
['A computer hacker learns from mysterious rebels about the true nature of his reality and his role in the war against its controllers.::Kenneth Chisholm', "Thomas A. Anderson is a man living two lives. By day he is an average computer programmer and by night a hacker known as Neo. Neo has always questioned his reality, but the truth is far beyond his imagination. Neo finds himself targeted by the police when he is contacted by Morpheus, a legendary computer hacker branded a terrorist by the government. Morpheus awakens Neo to the real world, a ravaged wasteland where most of humanity have been captured by a race of machines that live off of the humans' body heat and electrochemical energy and who imprison their minds within an artificial reality known as the Matrix. As a rebel against the machines, Neo must return to the Matrix and confront the agents: super-powerful computer programs devoted to snuffing out Neo and the entire human rebellion.::redcommander27", 'A programmer is brought back to reason and reality when learning he was living in a program created by gigantic machines which make human birth artificial. In order to set humanity free, Neo will have to face many enemies by using technologies and self-trust.::Pel Par', 'It\'s the year 1999, and Anderson (hacker alias: Neo) works in a cubicle, manning a computer and doing a little hacking on the side. It\'s through this latter activity that Thomas makes the acquaintance of Morpheus (Laurence Fishburne), who has some interesting news for Mr. Anderson -- none of what\'s going on around him is real. The year is actually closer to 2199, and it seems Thomas, like most people, is a victim of The Matrix, a massive artificial intelligence system that has tapped into people\'s minds and created the illusion of a real world, while using their brains and bodies for energy, tossing them away like spent batteries when they\'re through. Morpheus, however, is convinced Neo is "The One" who can crack open The Matrix and bring his people to both physical and psychological freedom..', "During the year 1999, a man named Thomas Anderson (also known as Neo), lives an ordinary life. A software techie by day and a computer hacker by night, he sits alone at home by his monitor, waiting for a sign, a signal - from what or whom he doesn't know - until one night, a mysterious woman named Trinity seeks him out and introduces him to that faceless character he has been waiting for: Morpheus. A messiah of sorts, Morpheus presents Neo with the truth about his world by shedding light on the dark secrets that have troubled him for so long.::Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com}", 'In the near future, a computer hacker nicknamed Neo discovers that all life on Earth may be nothing more than an elaborate facade created by a malevolent cyber-intelligence, for the purpose of placating us while our life essence is "farmed" to fuel the Matrix\'s campaign of domination in the "real" world. He joins like-minded Rebel warriors Morpheus and Trinity in their struggle to overthrow the Matrix.::Jake Gittes']
['The story of Henry Hill and his life in the mob, covering his relationship with his wife Karen Hill and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito in the Italian-American crime syndicate.::paulrichard', "Henry Hill might be a small time gangster, who may have taken part in a robbery with Jimmy Conway and Tommy De Vito, two other gangsters who might have set their sights a bit higher. His two partners could kill off everyone else involved in the robbery, and slowly start to think about climbing up through the hierarchy of the Mob. Henry, however, might be badly affected by his partners' success, but will he consider stooping low enough to bring about the downfall of Jimmy and Tommy?::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>", "This film views the mob lives of three pivotal figures in the 1960's and 70's New York. Henry Hill is a local boy turned gangster in a neighborhood full of the roughest and toughest. Tommy DeVito is a purebred gangster, who turns out to be Henry's best friend. Jimmy Conway puts the two of them together, and runs some of the biggest hijacks and burglaries the town has ever seen. After an extended jail sentence, Henry must sneak around the back of the local mob boss, Paulie Cicero, to live the life of luxury he has always dreamed of. In the end, the friends end up in a hell of a jam, and must do anything they can to save each other, and stay alive.::<formica97@aol.com>", 'The story of Irish-Italian American, Henry Hill, and how he lives day-to-day life as a member of the Mafia. Based on a true story, the plot revolves around Henry and his two unstable friends Jimmy and Tommy as they gradually climb the ladder from petty crime to violent murders.::Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk>', "The lowly, blue-collar side of New York's Italian mafia is explored in this crime biopic of wiseguy Henry Hill. As he makes his way from strapping young petty criminal, to big-time thief, to middle-aged cocaine addict and dealer, the film explores in detail the rules and traditions of organized crime. Watching the rise and fall of Hill and his two counterparts, the slick jack-of-all-trades criminal Jimmy Conway and the brutish, intimidating Tommy DeVito, this true story realistically explores the core, blue-collar part of the mob.::Dustin B."]
['A criminal pleads insanity and is admitted to a mental institution, where he rebels against the oppressive nurse and rallies up the scared patients.::ahmetkozan', 'McMurphy has a criminal past and has once again gotten himself into trouble and is sentenced by the court. To escape labor duties in prison, McMurphy pleads insanity and is sent to a ward for the mentally unstable. Once here, McMurphy both endures and stands witness to the abuse and degradation of the oppressive Nurse Ratched, who gains superiority and power through the flaws of the other inmates. McMurphy and the other inmates band together to make a rebellious stance against the atrocious Nurse.::Jacob Oberfrank', '1963. With a few months left in his sentence, thirty-eight year old convict Randall Patrick McMurphy - "Mac" - serving time for several assaults and statutory rape, has just been transferred from a labor camp associated with Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution in Pendleton to a psychiatric hospital. Mac has been able to use acting "crazy" - having a belligerent and smart-alecky attitude and anti-authoritarian behavior - to his benefit in not having to do any work. He is at the hospital as the authorities at Pendleton want him to undergo a psychiatric evaluation to prove he is not crazy, believing this is all an act to get out of work. He believes this stint will get him out of any more work while he serves out the remainder of his sentence. He is placed in a ward with a group of men who have differing degrees of lucidity and control of their mental faculties. He continues to behave in the same manner as always to get what he wants, using the other patients either as accessories or things for his own amusement. He adds to his list of goals to do anything to annoy the ward\'s tyrannical head nurse, Miss Mildred Ratched, whose seeming want is to break the spirit of any of the men in her care. In his battle with Nurse Ratched, Mac eventually tries to help the men get a voice of their own while in the hospital, and for some for their eventual return to the outside world.::Huggo', 'R.P McMurphy, a convict serving time for statutory rape, pleads insanity to avoid labour duties in prison. Believing its all an act, the authorities send him to a mental institution where he will forego psychiatric evaluation. Whilst there, McMurphy attempts to liven up the patients and starts an uprising against the tyrannical head nurse - Mildred Ratched.::BecksyKane', 'McMurphy thinks he can get out of doing work while in prison by pretending to be mad. His plan backfires when he is sent to a mental asylum. He tries to liven the place up a bit by playing card games and basketball with his fellow inmates, but the head nurse is after him at every turn.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', 'McMurphy, a man with several assault convictions to his name, finds himself in jail once again. This time, the charge is statutory rape when it turns out that his girlfriend had lied about being eighteen, and was, in fact, fifteen (or, as McMurphy puts it, "fifteen going on thirty-five"). Rather than spend his time in jail, he convinces the guards that he\'s crazy enough to need psychiatric care and is sent to a hospital. He fits in frighteningly well, and his different point of view actually begins to cause some of the patients to progress. Nurse Ratched becomes his personal cross to bear as his resistance to the hospital routine gets on her nerves.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> and J.D.']
['A poor village under attack by bandits recruits seven unemployed samurai to help them defend themselves.::Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>', "A veteran samurai, who has fallen on hard times, answers a village's request for protection from bandits. He gathers 6 other samurai to help him, and they teach the townspeople how to defend themselves, and they supply the samurai with three small meals a day. The film culminates in a giant battle when 40 bandits attack the village.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>", 'In the Sixteenth Century, in Japan, a poor village is frequently looted by armed bandits losing their crop of rice. Their patriarch Grandpa advises the villagers to hire a Ronin to defend their village. Four farmers head to town to seek out their possible protectors, but they just can offer three meals of rice per day and lodging for the samurai. They succeed in hiring the warming-hearted veteran Kambei Shimada that advises that they need six other samurai to protect their lands. Kambei recruits the necessary five samurai and the brave jester Kikuchiyo and move to the village. After a feared reception, Kambei plots a defense strategy and the samurai start training the farmers how to defend their lands and families for the battle that approaches.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "Fed up with the annual hit-and-run raids by a marauding gang of ferocious bandits, the peaceful farmers of a small sixteenth-century Japanese community summon up the courage to take matters into their own hands, dispatching the hot-headed villager, Rikichi, to bring help. When the farmer returns to the village, seven battle-scarred ronin become the defenceless hamlet's new protectors, entrusted with the challenging task of teaching the inexperienced peasants how to fight, in exchange for a handful of rice and lodging. Undoubtedly, before the imminent attack of the mounted plunderers, the odds are stacked up against the farmers and their defenders; however, both have sworn to fight like lions for their freedom. Can the Seven Samurai pull off a surprise victory?::Nick Riganas", 'A village is constantly attacked by well armed bandits. One day after an attack they seek the wisdom of an elder who tells them they cannot afford weapons, but they can find men with weapons, samurai, who will fight for them, if they find samurai who are in down on their luck and wondering where their next meal will come from. They find a very experienced samurai with a good heart who agrees to recruit their party for them. He selects five genuine samurai and one who is suspect but the seven return to the village to protect it from the forty plus bandits.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>', 'In 16th century Japan, farmers in a small village face the prospect of again losing their crops to a band of roving thieves. Their solution is to go to the nearest city and see if they can hire samurai to protect them. The farmers are poor and can only offer food and lodging but they soon recruit Kambei Shimada who determines that they will need a total of seven samurai to properly guard the village. Slowly, he recruits other samurai for their task and once complete, move to the village. There they teach the farmers basic self defense and fortify the village itself. When the bandits attack, they are prepared but suffer many losses.::garykmcd']
['Two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, hunt a serial killer who uses the seven deadly sins as his motives.::ahmetkozan', 'A film about two homicide detectives\' (Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt) desperate hunt for a serial killer who justifies his crimes as absolution for the world\'s ignorance of the Seven Deadly Sins. The movie takes us from the tortured remains of one victim to the next as the sociopathic "John Doe" (Kevin Spacey) sermonizes to Detectives Somerset and Mills -- one sin at a time. The sin of Gluttony comes first and the murderer\'s terrible capacity is graphically demonstrated in the dark and subdued tones characteristic of film noir. The seasoned and cultured but jaded Somerset researches the Seven Deadly Sins in an effort to understand the killer\'s modus operandi while the bright but green and impulsive Detective Mills (Pitt) scoffs at his efforts to get inside the mind of a killer...::Mark Fleetwood <mfleetwo@mail.coin.missouri.edu>', "Taking place in a nameless city, Se7en follows the story of two homicide detectives tracking down a sadistic serial killer (Kevin Spacey) who chooses his victims according to the seven deadly sins. Brad Pitt stars as Detective David Mills, a hopeful but naive rookie who finds himself partnered with veteran Detective William Somerset (Morgan Freeman). Together they trace the killer's every step, witnessing the aftermath of his horrific crimes one by one as the victims pile up in rapid succession, all the while moving closer to a gruesome fate neither of them could have predicted.::David Foyer", 'Two police detectives - one, Somerset, about to retire and the other, Mills, just transferred into the precinct - investigate the murder of an obese man. On his wall was written the word "Gluttony". Then they are alerted to the murder of a lawyer. On his floor was written the word "Greed". Somerset suspects that the murders were the work of the same man, a man murdering people who have committed the seven deadly sins.::grantss', 'Two detectives, one about to leave and one entering find themselves following a series of murders, they find clues linking the deaths and the seven sins. The movie follows the cops, their family and tracking down the mass murderer who delivers an unforgettable ending.', 'This thriller portrays the exploits of a deranged serial killer. His twisted agenda involves choosing seven victims who represent egregious examples of transgressions of each of the Seven Deadly Sins. He then views himself as akin to the Sword of God, handing out horrific punishment to these sinners. Two cops, an experienced veteran of the streets (Morgan Freeman) who is about to retire and the ambitious young homicide detective (Brad Pitt) hired to replace him, team up to capture the perpetrator of these gruesome killings. Unfortunately, they too become ensnared in his diabolical plan....::Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu>']
['When an open-minded Jewish librarian and his son become victims of the Holocaust, he uses a perfect mixture of will, humor, and imagination to protect his son from the dangers around their camp.::J. S. Golden', 'In 1930s Italy, a carefree Jewish book keeper named Guido starts a fairy tale life by courting and marrying a lovely woman from a nearby city. Guido and his wife have a son and live happily together until the occupation of Italy by German forces. In an attempt to hold his family together and help his son survive the horrors of a Jewish Concentration Camp, Guido imagines that the Holocaust is a game and that the grand prize for winning is a tank.::Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com>', "In 1939, Jewish-Italian Guido Orefice comes into Arezzo, Italy, ultimately to open a book store. In the meantime, he will work as a waiter at the hotel restaurant where his Uncle Eliseo is the maître d'. In town, he meets a school teacher named Dora, who he calls Princess and who comes from a wealthy Italian family. For him, it's love at first sight. Despite she already being in a relationship with another man, Guido ultimately sweeps her off her feet. They get married and have a son they name Giosué. On Giosué's fifth birthday, World War II is in full force. Since they are Jewish, the Germans take away Guido, Eliseo and Giosué to a labor camp. Wanting to be with her family, Dora insists she be taken too, but she is housed in the women's side of the camp. To protect Giosué from the horror of what is happening to them, Guido tells him that they are playing a game, certain actions which garner points, other actions which take points away or disqualify one from the game. The first to reach 1,000 points wins the prize of a real tank. Guido's primary goal is to keep Giosué safe at all cost, while he tries to figure out a way to get his family out of the camp and keep the Germans at bay from learning what he is doing with Giosué.::Huggo", 'A gentle Jewish-Italian waiter, Guido Orefice, meets Dora, a pretty schoolteacher, and wins her over with his charm and humor. Eventually they marry and have a son, Giosue. Their happiness is abruptly halted, however, when Guido and Giosue are separated from Dora and taken to a concentration camp. Determined to shelter his son from the horrors of his surroundings, Guido convinces Giosue that their time in the camp is merely a game.::Jwelch5742', "On the threshold of a new dark era, the mirthful Jewish-Italian, Guido Orefice, arrives in late-1930s Arezzo, in high hopes of starting afresh. Dreaming of opening a small bookshop, instead, the free-spirited optimist finds true love in the person of his princess--the gentle local school teacher, Dora--and their sweet fairy-tale love story blooms into a happy married life and a son named Giosué. However, against the backdrop of the great war's atrocities and the Germans' retreat in 1945, the Fascists round up Guido, his child, and the town's Jews, and ship them to a nightmarish concentration camp to meet their fate at the hands of the Nazis. But, in Giosué's eyes, this strange new situation is nothing but an exciting challenge to win a glorious grand prize--resilient Guido's desperate attempt to shield the innocent boy from the horrors of the death camp. Will Giosué win the contest? Is life more beautiful beyond the grown-ups' absurd world?::Nick Riganas", 'It\'s 1939. The ebullient, playful Guido comes to town. He works as a waiter under the watchful eye of his uncle, an elegant man who is a Jew. Guido falls for Dora, a schoolteacher, whom he calls "princess" and courts by popping up at unexpected times. She dumps her fiancé to choose Guido. The film jumps ahead to the war\'s last months. Nora and Guido have a child, Giosué, and when Guido and the lad are shipped to a concentration camp, Dora voluntarily follows. Although the men and women in the camp are separated and a child is in mortal peril, Guido finds ways to communicate with Dora, to hide Giosué, and to convince the boy this is an elaborate game, a special contest to win a tank.::<jhailey@hotmail.com>']
["In the slums of Rio, two kids' paths diverge as one struggles to become a photographer and the other a kingpin.::pyukumuku", "Brazil, 1960s, City of God. The Tender Trio robs motels and gas trucks. Younger kids watch and learn well...too well. 1970s: Li'l Zé has prospered very well and owns the city. He causes violence and fear as he wipes out rival gangs without mercy. His best friend Bené is the only one to keep him on the good side of sanity. Rocket has watched these two gain power for years, and he wants no part of it. he keeps getting swept up in the madness. All he wants to do is take pictures. 1980s: Things are out of control between the last two remaining gangs...will it ever end? Welcome to the City of God.::Jeff Mellinger <jeffmellinger@astound.net>", "During their childhood, several children raised in one of the violent neighborhoods of Rio de Janeiro see galling and nettlesome behaviors that turn some into criminals and some into poltroons; while one photographer boy in the middle stays out of their informal war until it's finished and then narrates the complicated story of what happened in that neighborhood and the ascending process of crime between men who were once innocent children.::J. S. Golden", 'Set in a notorious slum of Rio - Cidade de Deus / City of God - the story of a boy who sees his friends and brother grow up or aspire to be gangsters, and decides to do something else. Meanwhile we also see the power struggles in the neighbourhood, how they developed, who the main protagonists are and the state of their feud.::grantss', "City of God is based on a semiautobiographical novel with the same name originally published in 1997. It takes place in the '60s where in the slums of Rio de Janeiro two boys growing up in the neighborhood take on different paths in life. The story is told through the eyes of Buscape, a poor young fisherman's son who dreams of becoming a photographer one day. His story narrates the violence and corruption surrounding the city and the rise and fall of one of the city's most notorious bosses, Li'l Ze. As war wages on the streets Buscape's only way out of this violent life is to expose its brutality to the world through his pictures. Along the way the lives of others are put into perspective as their stories intersect with the events that take place.::Hax9 - Hax_9@hotmail.com", 'Set in a lawless slum in Rio de Janeiro, "City of God" tells the story of Rocket, an aspiring photographer looking for his big break so he can leave the treacherous area once and for all. The movie chronicles Rocket\'s life as a young boy as he deals with his law bending brother and his gang, all the way to his teen years as a pseudo hippie. As the crime level soars in brutality, Rocket begins to realize his niche as a photographer is his only means of staying honest. With a psychopathic thug named "Lil Ze" looking to take over the slum, Rocket\'s career will take him on his most dangerous task of all.::Vince M']
['A young F.B.I. cadet must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer, a madman who skins his victims.::Helltopay27', 'F.B.I. trainee Clarice Starling (Jodie Foster) works hard to advance her career, while trying to hide or put behind her West Virginia roots, of which if some knew, would automatically classify her as being backward or white trash. After graduation, she aspires to work in the agency\'s Behavioral Science Unit under the leadership of Jack Crawford (Scott Glenn). While she is still a trainee, Crawford asks her to question Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins), a psychiatrist imprisoned, thus far, for eight years in maximum security isolation for being a serial killer who cannibalized his victims. Clarice is able to figure out the assignment is to pick Lecter\'s brains to help them solve another serial murder case, that of someone coined by the media as "Buffalo Bill" (Ted Levine), who has so far killed five victims, all located in the eastern U.S., all young women, who are slightly overweight (especially around the hips), all who were drowned in natural bodies of water, and all who were stripped of large swaths of skin. She also figures that Crawford chose her, as a woman, to be able to trigger some emotional response from Lecter. After speaking to Lecter for the first time, she realizes that everything with him will be a psychological game, with her often having to read between the very cryptic lines he provides. She has to decide how much she will play along, as his request in return for talking to him is to expose herself emotionally to him. The case takes a more dire turn when a sixth victim is discovered, this one from who they are able to retrieve a key piece of evidence, if Lecter is being forthright as to its meaning. A potential seventh victim is high profile Catherine Martin (Brooke Smith), the daughter of Senator Ruth Martin (Diane Baker), which places greater scrutiny on the case as they search for a hopefully still alive Catherine. Who may factor into what happens is Dr. Frederick Chilton (Anthony Heald), the warden at the prison, an opportunist who sees the higher profile with Catherine, meaning a higher profile for himself if he can insert himself successfully into the proceedings.::Huggo', 'Perplexed by a string of grisly murders elaborately executed by the elusive mass killer nicknamed "Buffalo Bill", the vulnerable and untried F.B.I. trainee, Clarice Starling, is assigned by the Special Agent, Jack Crawford, to assist in the manhunt. Hoping to attain a clearer perception of the psychopathic serial killer\'s modus operandi, the young investigator reluctantly accepts the help of another hideous monster: the brilliant psychiatrist and cannibalistic mass murderer, Dr Hannibal Lecter. Now, with every visit to the manipulative doctor\'s heavily reinforced prison cell, Clarice delves just a little bit deeper into the dark mind of a homicidal maniac; however, how far is she willing to go to unearth pure evil?::Nick Riganas', "Young F.B.I. trainee Clarice Starling (Jodie Foster) is assigned to help find a missing woman to save her from a psychopathic serial killer (Ted Levine) who skins his victims. Clarice attempts to gain a better insight into the twisted mind of the killer by talking to another psychopath: Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins), who used to be a respected psychiatrist. F.B.I. Special Agent Jack Crawford (Scott Glenn) believes that Lecter, who is also a very powerful and clever mind manipulator, has the answers to their questions and can help locate the killer. However, Clarice must first gain Lecter's confidence before the inmate will give away any information.::Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com>", 'Clarice Starling (Jodie Foster), a young intelligent F.B.I. trainee, has been sent to the Baltimore state hospital for the criminally insane to interview an inmate, Dr. Hannibal "the cannibal" Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins), a brilliant renowned psychiatrist turned infamous psychopathic serial killer. She must match wits with Lecter, who has the darkest of all minds, and trust him to give her clues in the search for "Buffalo Bill" (Ted Levine), a nickname given to a loose, unknown, unstoppable psychopathic serial killer.::ahmetkozan', 'A psychopath known as "Buffalo Bill" (Ted Levine) is kidnapping and murdering young women across the Midwest. Believing it takes one to know one, the F.B.I. sends trainee Clarice Starling (Jodie Foster) to interview a demented prisoner who may provide psychological insight and clues to the killer\'s actions. The prisoner is psychiatrist Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins), a brilliant, murderous cannibal who will only help Starling if she feeds his morbid curiosity with details of her own complicated life. This twisted relationship forces Starling to not only confront her psychological demons, but leads her face to face with a demented, heinous killer; an incarnation of evil so powerful, that she may not have the courage, or strength, to stop him.::Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com>']
['An angel is sent from Heaven to help a desperately frustrated businessman by showing him what life would have been like if he had never existed.::Kenneth Chisholm', "George Bailey has spent his entire life giving of himself to the people of Bedford Falls. He has always longed to travel but never had the opportunity in order to prevent rich skinflint Mr. Potter from taking over the entire town. All that prevents him from doing so is George's modest building and loan company, which was founded by his generous father. But on Christmas Eve, George's Uncle Billy loses the business's $8,000 while intending to deposit it in the bank. Potter finds the misplaced money and hides it from Billy. When the bank examiner discovers the shortage later that night, George realizes that he will be held responsible and sent to jail and the company will collapse, finally allowing Potter to take over the town. Thinking of his wife, their young children, and others he loves will be better off with him dead, he contemplates suicide. But the prayers of his loved ones result in a gentle angel named Clarence coming to earth to help George, with the promise of earning his wings. He shows George what things would have been like if he had never been born.::alfiehitchie", 'A young George Bailey, overwhelmed by family obligations and a sense of responsibility toward his community, feels tied down to a company he never had an interest in working for, and a life he never wanted to live. As he ages, he sees his youth, dreams and opportunities pass him by. Unknown to George, all of his friends and family have been praying for him to get through those hard times. Told through the point of view of a group of angels, he is met by his guardian angel Clarence, as he contemplates ending his life.::Marielle <msaz.movies@gmail.com>', "George Bailey never got a chance to fulfill his life's ambitions of exploring the world and building skyscrapers. As he watches his friends and family become success stories he dreads on running his fathers building and loan business, rivaling the grumpy old Mr. Potter. When a financial discrepancy puts George in a difficult position, an angel comes to show him what life would have been like if he had never been born.::Eric Johnson", 'George Bailey spends his entire life giving up his big dreams for the good of his town, Bedford Falls, as we see in flashback. But in the present, on Christmas Eve, he is broken and suicidal over the misplacing of an $8000 loan and the machinations of the evil millionaire Mr. Potter. His guardian angel, Clarence, falls to Earth, literally, and shows him how his town, family, and friends would have turned out if he had never been born. George meant so much to so many people; should he really throw it all away?::Tommy Peter', 'On the Christmas Eve of Bedford Falls, the guardian angel Clarence is assigned to convince the desperate George Bailey not to commit suicide. George is a good man that sacrificed his dreams and his youth on behalf of the citizens of his small town. He inherited the loan business of his father and he gave up traveling the world and joining University as scheduled. Later he resisted the proposals of the evil banker Mr. Potter, and never sold his business to protect the poor community of Bedford Falls and offer a means to afford to buy their own house. He married his beloved Mary Hatch Bailey and had four children with her and a tough life with his family. When his uncle Billy loses US$ 8,000.00, found and stolen by Mr. Potter, George decides to commit suicide, since he believes he worth more dead than alive. When Clarence sees that he is not able to persuade George to give up his intention, he decides to show the life in town if George had never existed.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
["Luke Skywalker joins forces with a Jedi Knight, a cocky pilot, a Wookiee and two droids to save the galaxy from the Empire's world-destroying battle station, while also attempting to rescue Princess Leia from the mysterious Darth Vader.::Trance", 'The Imperial Forces, under orders from cruel Darth Vader, hold Princess Leia hostage in their efforts to quell the rebellion against the Galactic Empire. Luke Skywalker and Han Solo, captain of the Millennium Falcon, work together with the companionable droid duo R2-D2 and C-3PO to rescue the beautiful princess, help the Rebel Alliance and restore freedom and justice to the Galaxy.::Jwelch5742', "Part IV in George Lucas' epic, this movie opens with a rebel ship being boarded by the tyrannical Darth Vader. The plot then follows the life of a simple farm boy, Luke Skywalker, as he and his newly met allies (Han Solo, Chewbacca, Obi-wan Kenobi, C-3PO, R2-D2) attempt to rescue a rebel leader, Princess Leia, from the clutches of the Empire. The conclusion is culminated as the rebels, including Skywalker and flying ace Wedge Antilles make an attack on the Empire's most powerful and ominous weapon, the Death Star.::P. Wong <pwong@nt.net>", 'Luke Skywalker stays with his aunt and uncle on a farm on Tatooine. He is desperate to get off this planet and get to the Academy like his friends, but his uncle needs him for the next harvest. Meanwhile, an evil emperor has taken over the galaxy, and has constructed a formidable "Death Star" capable of destroying whole planets. Princess Leia, a leader in the resistance movement, acquires plans of the Death Star, places them in R2-D2, a droid, and sends him off to find Obi-wan Kenobi. Before he finds him, R2-D2 ends up on the Skywalkers\' farm with his friend C-3PO. R2-D2 then wanders into the desert, and when Luke follows, they eventually come across Obi-wan. Will Luke, Obi-wan, and the two droids be able to destroy the Death Star, or will the Emperor rule forever?::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', 'Princess Leia is held hostage by the evil forces of the Galactic Empire in their effort to take over the galaxy. Venturesome Luke Skywalker and dashing Captain Han Solo team together with the lovable robotic duo, R2-D2 and C-3PO, to rescue the beautiful Princess Leia and restore justice in the galaxy.::Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com>', 'In a distant galaxy eons before the creation of the planet known as Earth, vast civilizations have evolved, and ruling the galaxy is an interstellar Empire created from the ruins of an Old Republic that held sway for generations. It is a time of civil war, as solar systems have broken away from the Empire and are waging a war of rebellion. During a recent battle, technical schematics for a gigantic space station, code named the Death Star, have been unearthed by rebel spies, and a young woman who is a dissident member of the Imperial Senate, under the cover of a diplomatic mission to the planet Alderaan, is trying to smuggle these plans to the rebellion. But her spacecraft is attacked by a vast warship of the Empire and seized. The dissident Senator is captured, but the plans for the Death Star are nowhere to be found. While soldiers of the Empire search the nearby planet Tatooine, a series of incidents sweeps up a young desert farmer with dreams of being a fighter pilot in the rebellion, as he winds up with the Death Star plans and also the assistance of an elderly hermit who once served as a warrior of an ancient order whose chosen weapons were powerful energy swords known as light-sabers. The pair recruit a cynical interstellar smuggler and his outsized alien copilot with an ancient freighter heavily modified for combat to help them reach Alderaan, but the planet is obliterated and now the foursome must rescue the young woman held prisoner by the Empire and lead an attack by the rebellion against the Death Star before it can annihilate all hope of restoring freedom to the galaxy.::Michael Daly']
['Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action.::Chris White', 'Opening with the Allied invasion of Normandy on 6 June 1944, members of the 2nd Ranger Battalion under Cpt. Miller fight ashore to secure a beachhead. Amidst the fighting, two brothers are killed in action. Earlier in New Guinea, a third brother is KIA. Their mother, Mrs. Ryan, is to receive all three of the grave telegrams on the same day. The United States Army Chief of Staff, George C. Marshall, is given an opportunity to alleviate some of her grief when he learns of a fourth brother, Private James Ryan, and decides to send out 8 men (Cpt. Miller and select members from 2nd Rangers) to find him and bring him back home to his mother...::J.Zelman', "After the invasion of fortress Europe on June 6th 1944, Cpt. Miller leads his squad from the 2nd Ranger Battalion of the 29th Infantry Division, on a mission to find and bring home Private James Francis Ryan after the death of his brothers. The mission takes them through Nazi occupied territory to establish contact with Ryan's unit, an element of the 101st Airborne Division. This exciting war thriller brings the reality of history's bloodiest war into the homes of ordinary people, but also brings to light the reality of broken and lost families in a time of total and encompassing war.::Pvt. Maher, HHC 29th Aviation Brigade, 29th Infantry Division, Aberdeen Proving Grounds, MD", 'The film opens with the Allied invasion on the Normandy beach on June 6, 1944. Cpt. Miller and members of the 2nd Ranger Battalion fight to secure the beachhead. During the invasion, two brothers are killed in action. Earlier, the third brother was killed in New Guinea. The mother of the brothers is about to recieve the grave telegrams at the same day. The United States Army Chief of Staff, George C. Marshall, is given an opportunity to alleviate some of her grief when he finds out that there was also a fourth brother, Private James Ryan, who went missing somewhere in France. He sends Cpt. Miller and seven other people from the 2nd Ranger Battalion to go look for him and bring him back to his mother.::ahmetkozan', "During WWII, Chief of Staff, General Marshall is informed that three of a woman's sons have been killed and that she's going to receive the notifications of their demise at the same time. And when he learns that a fourth son is still unaccounted for, the General decides to send a unit to find him and bring him back, despite being told that it's highly unlikely that he is still alive and the area that he was known to be at is very dangerous. So the unit consisting of 8 men are sent to find him but as stated it's very dangerous and one by one, they are picked off. Will they find him and how many of them will still be alive?::rcs0411@yahoo.com", 'Following the Allied invasion of Normandy, two brothers lay dead in the wake of the onslaught. Meanwhile, in New Guinea, a third brother has been killed fighting the Japanese. After the Army General Staff learns that a fourth brother is missing in the French countryside, a rescue mission is ordered to find the young soldier and return him safely home. The mission is mounted by a veteran Ranger Captain commanding a squad of men who have mixed feelings about risking their lives to "Save Private Ryan".::Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com>']
['Greed and class discrimination threaten the newly formed symbiotic relationship between the wealthy Park family and the destitute Kim clan.::Jwelch5742', 'The Kims - mother and father Chung-sook and Ki-taek, and their young adult offspring, son Ki-woo and daughter Ki-jung - are a poor family living in a shabby and cramped half basement apartment in a busy lower working class commercial district of Seoul. Without even knowing it, they, especially Mr. and Mrs. Kim, literally smell of poverty. Often as a collective, they perpetrate minor scams to get by, and even when they have jobs, they do the minimum work required. Ki-woo is the one who has dreams of getting out of poverty by one day going to university. Despite not having that university education, Ki-woo is chosen by his university student friend Min, who is leaving to go to school, to take over his tutoring job to Park Da-hye, who Min plans to date once he returns to Seoul and she herself is in university. The Parks are a wealthy family who for four years have lived in their modernistic house designed by and the former residence of famed architect Namgoong. While Mr. and Mrs. Park are all about status, Mrs. Park has a flighty, simpleminded mentality and temperament, which Min tells Ki-woo to feel comfortable in lying to her about his education to get the job. In getting the job, Ki-woo further learns that Mrs. Park is looking for an art therapist for the Parks\' adolescent son, Da-song, Ki-woo quickly recommending his professional art therapist friend "Jessica", really Ki-jung who he knows can pull off the scam in being the easiest liar of the four Kims. In Ki-woo also falling for Da-hye, he begins to envision himself in that house, and thus the Kims as a collective start a plan for all the Kims, like Ki-jung using assumed names, to replace existing servants in the Parks\' employ in orchestrating reasons for them to be fired. The most difficult to get rid of may be Moon-gwang, the Parks\' housekeeper who literally came with the house - she Namgoong\'s housekeeper when he lived there - and thus knows all the little nooks and crannies of it better than the Parks themselves. The question then becomes how far the Kims can take this scam in their quest to become their version of the Parks.::Huggo', 'Jobless, penniless, and, above all, hopeless, the unmotivated patriarch, Ki-taek, and his equally unambitious family--his supportive wife, Chung-sook; his cynical twentysomething daughter, Ki-jung, and his college-age son, Ki-woo--occupy themselves by working for peanuts in their squalid basement-level apartment. Then, by sheer luck, a lucrative business proposition will pave the way for an ingeniously insidious scheme, as Ki-woo summons up the courage to pose as an English tutor for the teenage daughter of the affluent Park family. Now, the stage seems set for an unceasing winner-take-all class war. How does one get rid of a parasite?::Nick Riganas', 'Through an elaborate and ingenious scheme, the poor Kim family manage to trick the affluent and naive Park family into making them their servants. But unbeknownst to the Kims, the Park house harbors a dark secret which could cause the collapse of the newly formed symbiosis.::goddangwatir']
["During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches, and spirits, and where humans are changed into beasts.::Anonymous", "Chihiro and her parents are moving to a small Japanese town in the countryside, much to Chihiro's dismay. On the way to their new home, Chihiro's father makes a wrong turn and drives down a lonely one-lane road which dead-ends in front of a tunnel. Her parents decide to stop the car and explore the area. They go through the tunnel and find an abandoned amusement park on the other side, with its own little town. When her parents see a restaurant with great-smelling food but no staff, they decide to eat and pay later. However, Chihiro refuses to eat and decides to explore the theme park a bit more. She meets a boy named Haku who tells her that Chihiro and her parents are in danger, and they must leave immediately. She runs to the restaurant and finds that her parents have turned into pigs. In addition, the theme park turns out to be a town inhabited by demons, spirits, and evil gods. At the center of the town is a bathhouse where these creatures go to relax. The owner of the bathhouse is the evil witch Yubaba, who is intent on keeping all trespassers as captive workers, including Chihiro. Chihiro must rely on Haku to save her parents in hopes of returning to their world.::Zachary Harper", "10-year-old Chihiro and her parents are riding along during a family outing through the countryside when they stumble across an amusement park that has seemingly been abandoned for years. Despite Chihiro's premonitions about the creepy setting, her parents explore the area and eventually discover and indulge in an empty eatery filled with fresh food. As a result of their unfaithfulness, they are magically turned into pigs, which in turn scares away Chihiro. She meets the enigmatic Haku, who explains to her that this land is actually a magical bath house, a kind of holiday resort, where supernatural beings seek comfort away from the earthly realm and she must work here, as laziness is not permitted, to free both herself and her parents from the mystical land.::Kyle Perez", 'Tale of the fanciful adventures of a ten-year-old girl named Chihiro, who discovers a secret world when she and her family get lost and venture through a hillside tunnel. When her parents undergo a mysterious transformation, Chihiro must fend for herself as she encounters strange spirits, assorted creatures and a grumpy sorceress who seeks to prevent her from returning to the human world.::Jwelch5742', '10-year-old Chihiro and her parents stumble upon a seemingly abandoned amusement park. After her mother and father are turned into giant pigs, Chihiro meets the mysterious Haku, who explains that the park is a resort for supernatural beings who need a break from their time spent in the earthly realm, and that she must work there to free herself and her parents.::Jwelch5742', "Chihiro and her family are on their way to their new house in the suburbs when her father decides to take a shortcut along a lonely-looking dirt road. After getting out of the car and walking along a path for a while, they discover an open-air restaurant filled with food but with no workers or customers present. Mom and Dad don't hesitate to sit down and dig in, but Chihiro senses danger and refuses. As night falls, she is terrified to see the area fill with faceless spirits, but when she runs to find her parents, she discovers that they have been turned into pigs. She is found by a mysterious boy named Haku, who promises to help her. He gets her a job working in a nearby building, which turns out to be a bathhouse for the thousands of Japan's gods and spirits. Though the work is hard and the people strange, she does as well as she can. Her parents, however, are still waiting in the hotel's stockyard, and Chihiro must find a way to break the spell on them before they end up as the main course of some guest's dinner.::Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net>"]
['The lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.::Chris White', "Death Row guards at a penitentiary, in the 1930's, have a moral dilemma with their job when they discover one of their prisoners, a convicted murderer, has a special gift.::Guy Johns", "Based on Stephen King's 1996 novel of the same name. Stars Tom Hanks as a death row corrections officer during the U.S. Great Depression who witnesses supernatural events that occur after an enigmatic inmate (Michael Clarke Duncan) is brought to his facility.::MR_Heraclius", "It's just another normal day on the Green Mile for prison guard Paul Edgecomb. That is until huge John Coffey is sent there. Unlike the hulking brute that Coffey looks like, he is in fact kind at heart. Whilst watching over Coffey, Edgecomb learns that there is more to Coffey than can be seen.::FilmFanUk"]
["A team of explorers travel through a wormhole in space in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival.::Anonymous", "Earth's future has been riddled by disasters, famines, and droughts. There is only one way to ensure mankind's survival: Interstellar travel. A newly discovered wormhole in the far reaches of our solar system allows a team of astronauts to go where no man has gone before, a planet that may have the right environment to sustain human life.::ahmetkozan", "In the near future around the American Midwest, Cooper, an ex-science engineer and pilot, is tied to his farming land with his daughter Murph and son Tom. As devastating sandstorms ravage Earth's crops, the people of Earth realize their life here is coming to an end as food begins to run out. Eventually stumbling upon a N.A.S.A. base near Cooper's home, he is asked to go on a daring mission with a few other scientists into a wormhole because of Cooper's scientific intellect and ability to pilot aircraft unlike the other crew members. In order to find a new home while Earth decays, Cooper must decide to either stay, or risk never seeing his children again in order to save the human race by finding another habitable planet.::jmvd8", 'A team of explorers must find the human race a new home after Earth is struck with worldwide food shortages and corn is the most valuable food. Utilizing a mysterious wormhole, they explore strange new worlds and could find a home to save the human race.', 'Murphy\'s law suggests that "whatever can go wrong, will go wrong." This movie plays with the idea of space exploration, time, and gravity, as Earth and the human race is on the verge of extinction. N.A.S.A.\'s last hope looks to Coop, Brand, Romilly, and TARS under the direction of Professor Brand to search for answers in the deepest corners of space while dealing with Murphy\'s Law. Coop leaves behind his family in search of new horizons as Writer, Producer, and Director Christopher Nolan explores the eternal bonds of love between a father and his daughter.', "In Earth's future, a global crop blight and second Dust Bowl are slowly rendering the planet uninhabitable. Professor Brand, a brilliant N.A.S.A. physicist, is working on plans to save mankind by transporting Earth's population to a new home via a womhole. But first, Brand must send former N.A.S.A. pilot Cooper and a team of researchers through the wormhole and across the galaxy to find out which of three planets could be mankind's new home.::Jwelch5742"]
["Mathilda, a 12-year-old girl, is reluctantly taken in by Léon, a professional assassin, after her family is murdered. An unusual relationship forms as she becomes his protégée and learns the assassin's trade.::Movie Guy", "After her father, step-mother, step-sister and little brother are killed by her father's employers, the 12-year-old daughter of an abject drug dealer manages to take refuge in the apartment of a professional hitman who at her request teaches her the methods of his job so she can take her revenge on the corrupt DEA agent who ruined her life by killing her beloved brother.::J. S. Golden", 'Leon (played by Jean Reno) lives in New York and is a professional hit man. One of his neighbors, Mathilda (Natalie Portman), is a 12-year old girl with family problems, one of which is that her father is a petty criminal. One day, a drug kingpin, Stansfield (Gary Oldman), kills her entire family due to something her father did. Mathilda turns to Leon for help...and revenge.::grantss', 'Reclusive, taciturn, and lethally efficient, the plant-loving New Yorker and professional hitman, or "cleaner", Léon, sees his world turn upside down, when the entire family of his tough twelve-year-old neighbour, Mathilda, is wiped out by a corrupt DEA agent. Having no one else to turn to, the streetwise teenager worms her way into Léon\'s otherwise quiet life, going as far as to make a preposterous deal with her new surrogate father: in exchange for Léon\'s extensive knowledge in the cruel art of killing, Mathilda will do the housework. Now, a fervent desire to avenge her little brother is the only thing that keeps Mathilda going. However, has she what it takes to taste the ambrosial juice of retribution?::Nick Riganas', "Mathilda, a twelve-year old New York girl, is living an undesirable life among her half-family. Her father stores drugs for two-faced cop Norman Stansfield. Only her little brother keeps Mathilda from breaking apart. One day, Stansfield and his team take cruel revenge on her father for stretching the drugs a little, thus killing the whole family. Only Mathilda, who was out shopping, survives by finding shelter in Léon's apartment in the moment of highest need. Soon, she finds out about the strange neighbour's unusual profession - killing - and desperately seeks his help in taking revenge for her little brother. Léon, who is completely unexperienced in fatherly tasks, and in friendships, does his best to keep Mathilda out of trouble - unsuccessfully. Now, the conflict between a killer, who slowly discovers his abilities to live, to feel, to love and a corrupt police officer, who does anything in his might to get rid of an eye witness, arises to unmeasurable proportions - all for the sake of a little twelve-year old girl, who has nearly nothing to lose.::Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com>", 'Léon is an Italian immigrant who fled Italy after having committed a crime there. He now resides in New York City and is working for the mob boss "Uncle" Tony. He lives with his favorite plant in a small apartment in the city next door to a girl he occasionally speaks to whose father is a drug dealer working with crooked DEA officers. One day when she\'s out getting groceries the crooked agents murder her entire family in a botched drug deal and upon discovering the massacre upon her return home she walks to the end of the hall to Léon\'s apartment who lets her into not only his home, but into his life as well. Soon enough he\'s teaching Mathilda, a young girl, how to be a professional hitman in order for her to learn enough to get revenge on the crooked cops who murdered her family. But when she goes in for revenge and is captured by the crooked agents, Léon comes and saves her and so begins the ultimate theme in the movie: Will Léon and Mathilda live happily ever after now that she\'s opened up his heart, or will the crooked cops have something to say about it?::Joseph']
['A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which began when five criminals met at a seemingly random police lineup.::Skip_4591', 'Following a truck hijack in New York, five criminals are arrested and brought together for questioning. As none of them are guilty, they plan a revenge operation against the police. The operation goes well, but then the influence of a legendary mastermind criminal called Keyser Söze is felt. It becomes clear that each one of them has wronged Söze at some point and must pay back now. The payback job leaves 27 men dead in a boat explosion, but the real question arises now: Who actually is Keyser Söze?::Soumitra', "After a number of people are killed and a cargo ship set on fire, Roger 'Verbal' Kint is questioned by U.S. Customs Agent Dave Kujan. Reluctant at first, Verbal begins to tell them what happened starting with when he met four men, all criminals, sharing a holding cell for a few hours. Together, they join forces to successfully hijack a jewel shipment and head to Los Angeles to lay low. There they are contacted by a lawyer, Kobayashi, representing the much-feared international criminal Keyser Söze who wants them to do a job for him. The result is the attack on the cargo ship. Verbal refuses to give evidence in the case and is set free. Only then does Kujan realize what's really happened.::garykmcd", 'Police investigating an exploded boat on a San Pedro pier discover 27 bodies and $91 million worth of drug money. The only survivors are a severely burned and very scared Hungarian terrorist and Verbal Kint, a crippled con-man. Reluctantly, Kint is pressured into explaining exactly what happened on the boat. His story begins six weeks earlier with five criminals being dragged in by New York police desperate for suspects on a hijacked truck and ends with the possible identification of a criminal mastermind.::John Weeks <J.T.Weeks1@Student.derby.ac.uk>', 'After a waterfront explosion, Verbal, an eye-witness and participant tells the story of events leading up to the conflagration. The story begins when five men are rounded up for a line-up, and grilled about a truck hijacking (the usual suspects). Least pleased is Keaton: a crooked cop - exposed, indicted, but now desperately trying to go straight. The cops won\'t leave him alone, however, and as they wait for their lawyers to post bail, he is talked into doing one more job with the other four. All goes tolerably well until the influence of the legendary, seemingly omnipotent "Keyser Söze" is felt. Although set in the modern day, it has much of the texture of the forties, plus suspense, intrigue (a fairly high body count), and lots of twists in the plot.::<Phil.Kilby@dit.csiro.au>', "This is a film about five men who are hauled into the New York police station because a crime was committed and they are the usual suspects. They all agree to do a job together for a little revenge. However, little do they know that someone else has the strings and that they are all the puppets--all because each of them crossed the wrong person at the wrong time. After the big job, 27 people are dead, and there are two survivors. But the question is...who's the one controlling everything?::thexotherxchris"]
["When a ronin requesting seppuku at a feudal lord's palace is told of the brutal suicide of another ronin who previously visited, he reveals how their pasts are intertwined - and in doing so challenges the clan's integrity.::Daniel Jos. Leary", "Peace in 17th-century Japan causes the Shogunate's breakup of warrior clans, throwing thousands of samurai out of work and into poverty. An honorable end to such fate under the samurai code is ritual suicide, or hara-kiri (self-inflicted disembowelment). An elder warrior, Hanshiro Tsugumo (Tatsuya Nakadai) seeks admittance to the house of a feudal lord to commit the act. There, he learns of the fate of his son-in-law, a young samurai who sought work at the house but was instead barbarically forced to commit traditional hara-kiri in an excruciating manner with a dull bamboo blade. In flashbacks the samurai tells the tragic story of his son-in-law, and how he was forced to sell his real sword to support his sick wife and child. Tsugumo thus sets in motion a tense showdown of revenge against the house.::Kevin Rayburn <kprayb01@homer.louisville.edu>", 'In 1630, after a long period of peace in Japan following the end of the clans, thousand of samurais do not have masters and are living in absolute poverty. The ronin Hanshiro Tsugumo and former samurai of Lord of Geishu arrives at the house of Lord Lyi requesting a spot to commit hara-kiri (an honorable form of suicide). Tsugumo is received by Umenosuke Kawabe, who tells the story of the young samurai Motome Chijiiwa that arrived at the house also asking for a place to commit hara-kiri but expecting to receive coins instead. The warrior Hikokuro Omodaka convinces the clan to force Chijiiwa to really commit suicide using his bamboo blade as an example to other samurais that would appear using the same pretext to receive coins from the master. Tsugumo discloses that the lad Chijiiwa was his son-in-law that was forced to the situation expecting to raise some money to treat his sick wife and baby son. Further, Tsugumo had arrives in the house expecting to die not committing suicide, but revenging Chijiiwa, his daughter and his grandson.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "A samurai, Hanshiro Tsugumo, arrives at the house of the Iyi Clan with an unusual request. Due to his circumstances, he wishes to commit harakiri, ritual suicide, in the courtyard of the house. Turns out this is not such an unusual request: the clan has had such requests before, though the requestor's intentions weren't always honourable. The Clan elder tells Tsugumo the story of the last samurai who made the request and how that ended. Will he still go through with it?::grantss"]
["A lion cub prince is tricked by a treacherous uncle into thinking he caused his father's death and flees into exile in despair, only to later accept in adulthood his identity and his responsibilities.::Kenneth Chisholm", 'A young lion prince is cast out of his pride by his cruel uncle, who claims he killed his father. While the uncle rules with an iron paw, the prince grows up beyond the Savannah, living by a philosophy: No worries for the rest of your days. But when his past comes to haunt him, the young prince must decide his fate: Will he remain an outcast or face his demons and become what he needs to be?::femaledragon1234', "This Disney animated feature follows the adventures of the young lion Simba, the heir of his father, Mufasa. Simba's wicked uncle, Scar, plots to usurp Mufasa's throne by luring father and son into a stampede of wildebeests. But Simba escapes, and only Mufasa is killed. Simba returns as an adult to take back his homeland from Scar with the help of his friends Timon and Pumbaa.::Jwelch5742", "After being anointed as the next king of the jungle, young lion cub Simba is every bit as eager to take his proud father Mufasa's place as the king. However, this makes Simba's villainous uncle Scar jealous of him. But when Mufasa is suddenly murdered by Scar, Simba feels responsible for his death and runs away from home. Meeting up with two outcasts named Timon and Pumbaa, Simba embraces their ways of 'Hakuna Matata'. Years later, approached by his childhood friend Nala and the wise baboon Rafiki, Simba must return home to stop Scar's evil reign and fulfill his destiny as the new king.::Blazer346", "The Lion King is a Disney property acclaimed as the Jewel of Animation. Having a great plot, funny and captivating characters and the most celebrated soundtrack in a kid's film, only compared to the likes of Frozen. The plot is elementary and straightforward, a young lion cub who cannot wait to be claimed King of the Pride Rocks finds himself in a life changing situation, when his Machiavellian and envious uncle conspires, alongside the hyenas, to overtake the kingdom and establish a dictatorship. Acquiring the advice from his old counselors (Zazu and Rafiki), the help from his new friends, Timone and Pumbaa, and the unexpected warning of a familiar face, whilst discovering the paths of love through his childhood girlfriend Nala, Simba will unshackle the Savanna from the reign of terror of Scar and returning the natural order to the Circle of Life.::Anonymous", 'A young lion prince is born in Africa, thus making his uncle Scar the second in line to the throne. Scar plots with the hyenas to kill King Mufasa and Prince Simba, thus making himself King. The King is killed and Simba is led to believe by Scar that it was his fault, and so flees the kingdom in shame. After years of exile he is persuaded to return home to overthrow the usurper and claim the kingdom as his own thus completing the "Circle of Life".::King of Hearts <g.forth@uea.ac.uk>']
['A Polish Jewish musician struggles to survive the destruction of the Warsaw ghetto of World War II.::Kenneth Chisholm', 'In this adaptation of the autobiography "The Pianist: The Extraordinary True Story of One Man\'s Survival in Warsaw, 1939-1945," Wladyslaw Szpilman, a Polish Jewish radio station pianist, sees Warsaw change gradually as World War II begins. Szpilman is forced into the Warsaw Ghetto, but is later separated from his family during Operation Reinhard. From this time until the concentration camp prisoners are released, Szpilman hides in various locations among the ruins of Warsaw.::Jwelch5742', "Filmmaker Roman Polanski, who as a boy growing up in Poland watched while the Nazis devastated his country during World War II, directed this downbeat drama based on the story of a privileged musician who spent five years struggling against the Nazi occupation of Warsaw. Wladyslaw Szpilman (Adrien Brody) is a gifted classical pianist born to a wealthy Jewish family in Poland. The Szpilmans have a large and comfortable flat in Warsaw which Wladyslaw shares with his mother and father (Maureen Lipman and Frank Finlay), his sisters Halina and Regina (Jessica Kate Meyer and Julia Rayner), and his brother, Henryk (Ed Stoppard). While Wladyslaw and his family are aware of the looming presence of German forces and Hitler's designs on Poland, they're convinced that the Nazis are a menace which will pass, and that England and France will step forward to aid Poland in the event of a real crisis. Wladyslaw's naivete is shattered when a German bomb rips through a radio studio while he performs a recital for broadcast. During the early stages of the Nazi occupation, as a respected artist, he still imagines himself above the danger, using his pull to obtain employment papers for his father and landing a supposedly safe job playing piano in a restaurant. But as the German grip tightens upon Poland, Wladyslaw and his family are selected for deportation to a Nazi concentration camp. Refusing to face a certain death, Wladyslaw goes into hiding in a comfortable apartment provided by a friend. However, when his benefactor goes missing, Wladyslaw is left to fend for himself and he spends the next several years dashing from one abandoned home to another, desperate to avoid capture by German occupation troops.", "A Jewish pianist named Wladislaw Szpilman was playing the piano on the radio station when an explosion occurred outside. It was the beginning of German Nazi occupation in Polland. When he returned home, his family was arguing over how they could keep the rest of their money so the German's couldn't see it. When they looked out the window, they saw their area was fenced. Since then, their life has become in a difficult situation. The German's deported his family and forcibly took on train way to concentration camp. Szpilman was left behind in the Warsaw Ghetto and struggled alone for survival.::judytrinidad", 'A brilliant pianist, a Polish Jew, witnesses the restrictions Germans place on Jews in the Polish capital, from restricted access to the building of the Warsaw ghetto. As his family is rounded up to be shipped off to the German Nazi labor camps, he escapes deportation and eludes capture by living in the ruins of Warsaw.::Anonymous', 'The true story of Wladyslaw Szpilman who, in the 1930s, was known as the most accomplished piano player in all of Poland, if not Europe. At the outbreak of the Second World War, however, Szpilman becomes subject to the anti-Jewish laws imposed by the conquering Germans. By the start of the 1940s, Szpilman has seen his world go from piano concert halls to the Jewish Ghetto of Warsaw and then must suffer the tragedy of his family deported to a German concentration camps, while Szpilman is conscripted into a forced German Labor Compound. At last deciding to escape, Szpilman goes into hiding as a Jewish refugee where he is witness to the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising (April 19, 1943 - May 16, 1943) and the Warsaw Uprising (1 August to 2 October 1944)::Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com>']
['Marty McFly, a 17-year-old high school student, is accidentally sent thirty years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his close friend, the eccentric scientist Doc Brown.::Anonymous', 'Marty McFly, a typical American teenager of the Eighties, is accidentally sent back to 1955 in a plutonium-powered DeLorean "time machine" invented by a slightly mad scientist. During his often hysterical, always amazing trip back in time, Marty must make certain his teenage parents-to-be meet and fall in love - so he can get back to the future.::Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com>', 'Marty McFly\'s life is a dump. His father, George, is constantly bullied by his supervisor Biff Tannen and his mother, Lorraine, is an overweight alcoholic. One day, Marty gets a call from his scientist friend Dr. "Doc" Emmet Brown telling Marty to meet him at Twin Pines Mall at 1:15 AM where Doc unveils a time machine that runs off of plutonium built into a DeLorean and demonstrates it to Marty. Marty accidentally activates the time machine, sending him back to 1955 where he accidentally gets in the way of his teenage parents meeting. Marty must find a way to convince Doc that he is from the future, reunite his parents, and ultimately get back to the future.', "In this 1980s sci-fi classic, small-town California teen Marty McFly is thrown back into the '50s when an experiment by his eccentric scientist friend Doc Brown goes awry. Traveling through time in a modified DeLorean car, Marty encounters young versions of his parents, and must make sure that they fall in love or he'll cease to exist. Even more dauntingly, Marty has to return to his own time and save the life of Doc Brown.::Jwelch5742", 'Marty McFly, a 17 year old high school student gets lost in 1955 by an accident, 30 years back in time. With the help of his friend Dr. Emmet Brown, he is desperately trying to find his way back to the future in the year 1985. It becomes a battle against the clock.', "It is the year 1985. Marty McFly, a mild-mannered high school student, stopped by Dr. Emmett L. Brown's laboratory to play around with an amplifier. Then he receives a message from Doc that he needs help from him for Doc's latest invention, a time machine made out of a DeLorean sports car that can travel through time instantaneously when it reaches a speed velocity of 88 MPH. Then, Doc was gunned down by Libyan Nationalists, Marty makes an effort to escape from the Lybians by using the time machine. Then Marty accidentally warps himself into 1955. Where he meets both of his parents when they were teenagers, then Marty unintentionally interrupts his parent's first meeting together, he then finds a younger version of Doc and together they try to find a way to get Marty's parents-to-be back together, and to get Marty back to 1985.::John Wiggins"]
['A former neo-nazi skinhead tries to prevent his younger brother from going down the same wrong path that he did.::<jarls@datasync.com>', "Derek Vineyard is paroled after serving 3 years in prison for brutally killing two black men who tried to break into/steal his truck. Through his brother's, Danny Vineyard, narration, we learn that before going to prison, Derek was a skinhead and the leader of a violent white supremacist gang that committed acts of racial crime throughout L.A. and his actions greatly influenced Danny. Reformed and fresh out of prison, Derek severs contact with the gang and becomes determined to keep Danny from going down the same violent path as he did.::Nitesh D.(nmxpa7@msn.com)", 'Edward Norton plays, Derek Vineyard, an ex neo-nazi ex-con that was a real product of his subtle upbringing and environment. When he gets out of jail he tries to convince his little brother (who he actually introduced to the same hateful life) that he can make better choices.::ahmetkozan', 'Derek Vinyard is a skinhead and the leader of a white supremacist gang. After killing two black men who tried to steal his truck he is sent to prison for three years. Prison gives him a time to think about his life and when he comes out he decides to avoid the hate and prejudice of his past. He leaves the gang and attempts to live a normal life. However, his previous actions and prejudices may have influenced his younger brother.::grantss', "Derek Vinyard returns from prison to find his younger brother, Danny, caught in the same web of racism and hatred that landed him in prison. After Derek's father is killed in the line of duty by a minority, Derek's view of mankind is altered, but while in prison, he discovers that there is good and bad in every race. The task before him now is to convince Danny of his newfound enlightenment.::Robin <soonerzs@yahoo.com>", 'A brutal Neo Nazi skinhead named Derek Vinyard is tried and sent to prison for three years for the murder of two black guys who tried to steal his truck. When he returns from prison reformed, his younger brother Daniel Vinyard who idolizes him is on the brink of becoming a Neo Nazi himself. Derek must save his younger brother from a similar fate.::Emphinix']
['A cyborg, identical to the one who failed to kill Sarah Connor, must now protect her teenage son, John Connor, from a more advanced and powerful cyborg.::PaulRichard', "Over 10 years have passed since the first robot called The Terminator tried to kill Sarah Connor and her unborn son, John. The man who will become the future leader of the human resistance against the Machines is now a healthy young boy. However, another Terminator, called the T-1000, is sent back through time by the supercomputer Skynet. This new Terminator is more advanced and more powerful than its predecessor and its mission is to kill John Connor when he's still a child. However, Sarah and John do not have to face the threat of the T-1000 alone. Another Terminator (identical to the same model that tried and failed to kill Sarah Conner in 1984) is also sent back through time. The battle for tomorrow has begun.::Eric ggg", "In 1995, one long decade after the Terminator's failed assassination mission in The Terminator (1984), a now-ten-year-old John Connor finds himself in foster care, after the imprisonment of his mother, Sarah, at a mental institution. To prevent John from changing the course of history and becoming the leader of the human Resistance Army, the self-aware computer system, Skynet, sends another cybernetic assassin; this time, a nearly indestructible, shape-shifting killer. Now, against the backdrop of an imminent nuclear Armageddon, two unstoppable cyborgs--the antiquated but lethal, T-800, and the far superior, liquid-metal model, T-1000--are after the same vulnerable target. Can Sarah and John avert the coming Judgment Day?::Nick Riganas", 'Nearly 10 years have passed since Sarah Connor was targeted for termination by a cyborg from the future. Now her son, John, the future leader of the resistance, is the target for a newer, more deadly terminator. Once again, the resistance has managed to send a protector back to attempt to save John and his mother Sarah.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', "Skynet, the 21st century computer waging a losing war on humans sends a second terminator back in time to destroy the leader of the human resistance while he is still a boy. His mother is the only one who knows of the existence of the Terminators, human-like robots that exist only to kill and are nearly indestructible, and Sarah, the boy's mother is currently in a state mental hospital because of her 'delusions'.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>", "It has been about 10 long years since a Terminator failed to kill Sarah Connor and her unborn son, John. Now, Skynet has sent back another Terminator. This one being more advanced than the last one. John Connor, who is now about ten years old, is the target. The future John sends back a replica of the Terminator that tried to kill him back in time to 1994. It's Terminator vs. Terminator.::Ricky Steck (rickysteck@sbcglobal.net)"]
['The Tramp struggles to live in modern industrial society with the help of a young homeless woman.::Anonymous', "Chaplin's last 'silent' film, filled with sound effects, was made when everyone else was making talkies. Charlie turns against modern society, the machine age, (The use of sound in films ?) and progress. Firstly we see him frantically trying to keep up with a production line, tightening bolts. He is selected for an experiment with an automatic feeding machine, but various mishaps leads his boss to believe he has gone mad, and Charlie is sent to a mental hospital - When he gets out, he is mistaken for a communist while waving a red flag, sent to jail, foils a jailbreak, and is let out again. We follow Charlie through many more escapades before the film is out.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>", 'The idea of the film was apparently given to Chaplin by a young reporter, who told him about the production line system in Detroit, which was turning its workers into nervous wrecks. In the film, Charlie becomes literally trapped in the machine and, in one of his finest patches of comic invention, is battered and buffeted by an automatic feeding machine introduced by his bosses to save time and money. Cured after his breakdown, he is arrested when he picks up a red flag that has fallen off the back of a lorry, and runs down the street to return it, exactly the same time as a left-wing demonstration comes round the corner. He meets \'The Gamine\' in the back of the police van, who has also been arrested for stealing bread. From then on the theme is about two nondescripts trying to get along in modern times. "Smile, though your heart is breaking ..."::alfiehitchie', 'A little tramp is finding it difficult to match his own sensibilities to the modern mechanized world. Failing as a worker on a factory assembly line, he gets into a series of adventures and misadventures, which leads to him meeting a young recently orphaned gamine who ran away rather than end up in an orphanage. They try to survive in the world together, both on the run from the law, although his previous stints behind bars were to him more comforting than life outside in the cold modern world. Beyond being wanted by the law, the question becomes whether they individually or together can find their proper place in the ever changing world which seems out to get them.::Huggo', "The story begins on the life of a factory working who is employed on the assembly line. His job sees him screwing nuts at an ever-increasing rate as part of the assembly line as well as being subjected to new, untested inventions like an 'automatic feeding machine'. This daily monotony pushes him over the edge and, after a lengthy stay in an asylum, is arrested for being mistakenly taken as an instigator at a communist rally. What follows is the factory worker meeting the love of his life, taking on several new jobs and trying to make what proves to be a difficult living.::Kyle Perez"]
["A Phoenix secretary embezzles forty thousand dollars from her employer's client, goes on the run, and checks into a remote motel run by a young man under the domination of his mother.", "Phoenix office worker Marion Crane is fed up with the way life has treated her. She has to meet her lover Sam in lunch breaks, and they cannot get married because Sam has to give most of his money away in alimony. One Friday, Marion is trusted to bank forty thousand dollars by her employer. Seeing the opportunity to take the money and start a new life, Marion leaves town and heads towards Sam's California store. Tired after the long drive and caught in a storm, she gets off the main highway and pulls into the Bates Motel. The motel is managed by a quiet young man called Norman who seems to be dominated by his mother.::Col Needham <col@imdb.com>", "Stressed and under pressure because of stealing a large amount of money from her employer and running away, a partly poor office worker who's committed theft in order to be able to marry the man she loves, gets lost and decides to stay at a motel for the night, regretting what she's done. But on her single night at the motel, she finds out it was a mistake to choose this motel, as she finds its young depressed manager's mother an unrelenting psycho.::J. S. Golden", "Phoenix-based Marion Crane, who has for ten years worked as an assistant to real estate agent George Lowery, laments the fact she and her divorced boyfriend, Sam Loomis, can't get married due to money issues, he a penniless hardware store clerk whose debt is a result of having to pay alimony. Marion senses an opportunity when one of Lowery's wealthy clients pays his account with forty thousand dollars cash, Marion is tasked with taking the money to the bank. Being a Friday afternoon, Marion believes she can slip out of town immediately undetected with the money to join Sam in Fairvale, California where he lives, before Lowery would even suspect that she has absconded with the money the earliest by Monday. Despite several close calls, Marion is able to make it to fifteen miles short of Fairvale at the Bates Motel, where she stops on the rainy Saturday night. The isolated motel has had little business ever since the state highway was moved. The motel is run by friendly, but lonely Norman Bates, who lives with with his invalid mother in the big, old house on the hill overlooking the motel. Although she doesn't meet Mrs. Bates, Marion knows that she is an angry, controlling woman based on an argument she overhears between her and Norman. Norman admits that his mother is mentally mad. That evening, Marion has a change of heart and contemplates returning to Phoenix to return the money. But she never makes it either to Phoenix or Fairvale. As such, several people come looking for her, including Sam, who is suspected of being in cahoots with Marion in stealing the money, Marion's worried sister Lila Crane, who is able to convince Lowery not to press charges if Marion returns the money, and a private investigator named Arbogast who was hired by Lowery. At various times, they all make their way to the mysterious Bates Motel, where Mrs. Bates will do whatever required to maintain control of what happens at the motel and within her family.::Huggo", "For Marion Crane, it's been quite an eventful day. The day before, she had stolen forty thousand dollars from her employer's client, packed her bags and driven all day on her way to join her paramour several hundred miles away. Now, she is taking a relaxing hot shower after her long day's journey. The remoteness of the motel suit her purposes perfectly. The only sounds heard are the chirping of the crickets, the splashing of the water, and her humming contentedly as the hot needles of water caress her aching shoulders.::filmfactsman", "Marion Crane is a Phoenix, Arizona working girl fed up with having to sneak away during lunch breaks to meet her lover, Sam Loomis, who cannot get married because most of his money goes towards alimony. One Friday, Marion's employer asks her to take forty thousand dollars in cash to a local bank for deposit. Desperate to make a change in her life, she impulsively leaves town with the money, determined to start a new life with Sam in California. As night falls and a torrential rain obscures the road ahead of her, Marion turns off the main highway. Exhausted from the long drive and the stress of her criminal act, she decides to spend the night at the desolate Bates Motel. The motel is run by Norman Bates, a peculiar young man dominated by his invalid mother. After Norman fixes her a light dinner, Marion goes back to her room for a shower.::passionate_libra21"]
['A former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery.::Noah Orent', 'Maximus is a powerful Roman general, loved by the people and the aging Emperor, Marcus Aurelius. Before his death, the Emperor chooses Maximus to be his heir over his own son, Commodus, and a power struggle leaves Maximus and his family condemned to death. The powerful general is unable to save his family, and his loss of will allows him to get captured and put into the Gladiator games until he dies. The only desire that fuels him now is the chance to rise to the top so that he will be able to look into the eyes of the man who will feel his revenge.::Chris "Morphy" Terry', 'Commodus takes power and strips rank from Maximus, one of the favored generals of his predecessor and father, Emperor Marcus Aurelius, the great stoical philosopher. Maximus is then relegated to fighting to the death in the gladiator arenas.::Jwelch5742', "In 180 A.D. Rome, the weary and dying emperor, Marcus Aurelius, names his loyal and triumphant general, Maximus Decimus Meridius, his successor and protector of Rome, much to the dismay of his haughty and unbalanced son, Commodus. But, instead, death and entrapment await, as the embittered and blind with rage rival rewards Rome's hero with an order for his execution, only to wind up as a slave to the former gladiator, Proximo. From the vast deserts of North Africa, a new Maximo will rise as a gladiator, hacking and slashing his way through all the way up to Mother Rome and the unsuspecting dictator, Commodus. But will the popular general ever find peace in a long-awaited retribution?::Nick Riganas", "In Gladiator, victorious general Maximus Decimus Meridias has been named keeper of Rome and its empire by dying emperor Marcus Aurelius, so that rule might pass from the Caesars back to the people and Senate. Marcus' neglected and power-hungry son, Commodus, has other ideas, however. Escaping an ordered execution, Maximus hurries back to his home in Spain, too late to save his wife and son from the same order. Taken into slavery and trained as a gladiator by Proximo, Maximus lives only that he might someday take his revenge and fulfill the dying wish of his emperor. The time soon comes when Proximo's troupe is called to Rome to participate in a marathon of gladiator games held at the behest of the new emperor, Commodus. Once in Rome, Maximus wastes no time in making his presence known, and is soon involved in a plot to overthrow the emperor with his former-love Lucilla, Commodus' sister, after whom he lusts, and also the widowed mother of Lucius, heir to the empire after his uncle, and democratic-minded senator, Gracchus.::ahmetkozan", "A dying Marcus Aurelius plans to name his loyal and brave General Maximus as his successor in order to restore the power of the Roman Senate. However, his power-hungry, jealous son Commodus learns of the plan, murders Marcus Aurelius, and plans to execute Maximus in order to secure his claim to the throne. Maximus escapes execution, but is sold into slavery and is forced to become a gladiator. Eventually, Maximus and his fellow gladiators are sent to Rome to perform for Commodus. Through his bravery he wins over the masses and reveals his true identity, much to the chagrin of Commodus. Can Maximus use his newfound popularity to avenge Marcus Aurelius' death, or will Commodus be able to keep the throne?::<jgp3553@excite.com>"]
['With the aid of a wealthy erratic tippler, a dewy-eyed tramp who has fallen in love with a sightless flower girl accumulates money to be able to help her medically.::J. S. Golden', "A tramp falls in love with a beautiful blind girl. Her family is in financial trouble. The tramp's on-and-off friendship with a wealthy man allows him to be the girl's benefactor and suitor.::John J. Magee <magee@helix.mgh.harvard.edu>", 'Charmingly simple story of The Little Tramp who meets a lovely blind girl selling flowers on the sidewalk who mistakes him for a wealthy duke. When he learns that an operation may restore her sight, he sets off to earn the money she needs to have the surgery. In a series of comedy adventures that only Chaplin could pull off, he eventually succeeds, even though his efforts land him in jail. While he is there, the girl has the operation and afterwards yearns to meet her benefactor. The tear-inducing closing scene, in which she discovers that he is not a wealthy duke but only The Little Tramp, is one of the highest moments in movies.::alfiehitchie', "A little tramp living in the big city has a profound effect on two people he meets. The first is a wealthy man, who the tramp saves from killing himself during the wealthy man's drunken stupor. However, the relationship between the wealthy man and the tramp continually changes depending on the drunken or sober state of the wealthy man. The second is a poor blind flower girl, who lives with her destitute grandmother. The kindness of the tramp toward her makes her fall in love with him, as he is with her. By circumstance, she believes that he is a wealthy man. When he learns that an expensive operation can restore her eyesight, the tramp does whatever he can to earn the money to pay for the operation, even if the result is that she will find out that he is not the wealthy man she believes and which by association may make her change her blind opinion of him.::Huggo", "The Little Tramp meets and falls in love with a young blind girl who sells flowers on the street corner. He also befriends an eccentric millionaire who drinks too much and only recognizes him when he is drunk. The Little Tramp gives the girl a ride home in the millionaire's car and she thinks he is rich. After a boisterous party at the millionaire's house, the rich man wakes up and has no idea who the Little Tramp is or why he is there and so throws him out on his ear. When the blind girl and her grandmother fall behind in the rent and face eviction, he tries working and even enters a boxing competition to raise the money they need, but nothing works out. He gets the money from the millionaire but is accused of theft and ends up in jail, but not before getting her enough money to not only pay the rent but to also seek treatment for her blindness. When he's released from jail, they meet again.::garykmcd", "This classic story of love, tragedy and hope centers around a homeless tramp whom meets and instantly falls in love with a beautiful, albeit blind, flower seller. The tramp, desperate to win her love over, convinces the woman that he is a millionaire and can pay for her to get her sight back. We then follow the ebbs and flows of The Little Tramp's adventures in his pursuit to make good on his promise to The Flower Girl.::Kyle Perez"]
['An undercover cop and a mole in the police attempt to identify each other while infiltrating an Irish gang in South Boston.::ahmetkozan', "In this crime-action tour de force, the South Boston state police force is waging war on Irish-American organized crime. Young undercover cop Billy Costigan is assigned to infiltrate the mob syndicate run by gangland chief Frank Costello. While Billy quickly gains Costello's confidence, Colin Sullivan, a hardened young criminal who has infiltrated the state police as an informer for the syndicate is rising to a position of power in the Special Investigation Unit. Each man becomes deeply consumed by their double lives, gathering information about the plans and counter-plans of the operations they have penetrated. But when it becomes clear to both the mob and the police that there is a mole in their midst, Billy and Colin are suddenly in danger of being caught and exposed to the enemy - and each must race to uncover the identity of the other man in time to save themselves. But is either willing to turn on their friends and comrades they've made during their long stints undercover?::Anonymous", 'Two just-graduated officers from Massachusetts State Police Academy follow opposite sides of the law: Billy Costigan is assigned to work undercover with the Irish mobster Frank Costello to get evidence to arrest him. His true identity is known only by his superiors Dignam and Oliver Queenan. The protégé of Costello, Colin Sullivan, is promoted in the Massachusetts State Police and is the informer of Costello. Each police officer gives his best effort trying to disclose the identity of the other "rat."::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "A tale of two cops, though on different sides of the law. Colin Sullivan (played by Matt Damon) is a Massachusetts State police detective. He has risen through the ranks to head up a special department. Public Enemy Number 1 is Frank Costello (Jack Nicholson), a crime network kingpin, and Sullivan's main target. However, Sullivan is a paid informant for Costello, giving him tip-offs on police raids and other useful information. Meanwhile, Billy Costigan (Leonardo DiCaprio) works for Costello. However, he is actually an undercover policeman, spying on Costello. In due course, both know that there is a rat in their organization, but don't know their identity. A deadly cat-and-mouse game ensues, with both trying to uncover the other without being discovered themselves.::grantss", "A war between the police and the mob, but who's on the right side? And is there one? A tale of deception, The Departed focuses on a young cop, Billy Costigan who risks his morals, and his sanity to infiltrate an American- Irish mob and gain the trust of its leader - Frank Costello. The plot thickens when both Billy and Costello discover a rat in their disparate organisations, and chaos ensues.::BecksyKane", "Years ago, a powerful Irish mafia figure placed a small selection of his youngest, brightest men into the Massachusetts State Police Academy as cadets. Their purpose is to eventually rise within the prestigious ranks of the state police department, to serve as the eyes and ears of their boss. While somewhere else, a young cadet was assigned with an equally dangerous task: infiltrate the Irish syndicate headed by the man sending in his own to the Massachusetts State Police. Now, one cadet is an up and coming police official with a torn allegiance to his job and to the criminal mastermind that put him there. While the other cadet is the trusted number two of that man, only finding his professional duties are becoming blurred with his current state. But new clues have lead to unfortunate discoveries, when both sides realize they're being watched by the enemy.::mystic80"]
['After he becomes a quadriplegic from a paragliding accident, an aristocrat hires a young man from the projects to be his caregiver.::IMDb Editors', 'In Paris, the aristocratic and intellectual Philippe is a quadriplegic millionaire who is interviewing candidates for the position of his carer, with his red-haired secretary Magalie. Out of the blue, Driss cuts the line of candidates and brings a document from the Social Security and asks Phillipe to sign it to prove that he is seeking a job position so he can receive his unemployment benefit. Philippe challenges Driss, offering him a trial period of one month to gain experience helping him. Then Driss can decide whether he would like to stay with him or not. Driss accepts the challenge and moves to the mansion, changing the boring life of Phillipe and his employees.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'A rich quadriplegic, living in a mansion in Paris, requires a live-in carer. A young offender turns up for an interview, but he is not really looking to get the job. However, to his surprise, he is hired. The two men then develop a close friendship.::Anonymous']
["A promising young drummer enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential.::Anonymous", 'A young and talented drummer attending a prestigious music academy finds himself under the wing of the most respected professor at the school; one who does not hold back on abuse towards his students. The two form an odd relationship as the student wants to achieve greatness, and the professor pushes him.::andrewhodkinson', "Nineteen year old Andrew Niemann wants to be the greatest jazz drummer in the world, in a league with Buddy Rich. This goal is despite not coming from a pedigree of greatest, musical or otherwise, with Jim, his high school teacher father, being a failed writer. Andrew is starting his first year at Shaffer Conservatory of Music, the best music school in the United States. At Shaffer, being the best means being accepted to study under Terence Fletcher and being asked to play in his studio band, which represents the school at jazz competitions. Based on their less than positive first meeting, Andrew is surprised that Fletcher asks him to join the band, albeit in the alternate drummer position which he is more than happy to do initially. Andrew quickly learns that Fletcher operates on fear and intimidation, never settling for what he considers less than the best each and every time. Being the best in Fletcher's mind does not only entail playing well, but knowing that you're playing well and if not what you're doing wrong. His modus operandi creates an atmosphere of fear and of every man or woman for him/herself within the band. Regardless, Andrew works hard to be the best. He has to figure out his life priorities and what he is willing to sacrifice to be the best. The other question becomes how much emotional abuse he will endure by Fletcher to reach that greatness, which he may believe he can only achieve with the avenues opened up by Fletcher.::Huggo", "Andrew Neimann is an ambitious young jazz drummer, single-minded in his pursuit to rise to the top of his elite east coast music conservatory. Plagued by the failed writing career of his father, Andrew hungers day and night to become one of the greats. Terence Fletcher, an instructor equally known for his teaching talents as for his terrifying methods, leads the top jazz ensemble in the school. Fletcher discovers Andrew and transfers the aspiring drummer into his band, forever changing the young man's life. Andrew's passion to achieve perfection quickly spirals into obsession, as his ruthless teacher continues to push him to the brink of both his ability-and his sanity.::Spencer Higham", 'Terence Fletcher a professor at Shaffer Conservatory of Music always discourages his students so that they don\'t get discouraged later on. Andrew Neimann an ambitious and highly talented jazz drummer overcomes depression and all the emotional abuses put by Fletcher. His professor makes him realise that "No two words in english language are harmful than \'Good Job\'". Finally Neimann understands that Fletcher expects much beyond his student\'s talent and all these hurdles are consequences of his expectations.::Siddhartha Devineni', "Andrew is a drummer and a first year student at the Schaffer Conservatory. He is selected by the school's senior instructor, Mr. Fletcher, to play on his studio band. Fletcher is - to say the least - a difficult and demanding task master who accepts and expects nothing less that perfection from his students. His methods of exacting the best from his students include belittling them, throwing objects at them and creating a level of tension so high that average individuals would likely crumble under the pressure. It leads Andrew to eventually quit but a surprise encounter with Fletcher gives him a chance to show just what he can accomplish - or to fail miserably.::garykmcd", 'Andrew Neimann, a nineteen year old drummer is heading to Shaffer Conservatory with a desire of becoming one of the best musicans there is of the 21st century. Though his instructor and teacher Terrence Fletcher does not seem to be very pleased with his progress and effort. Being great has become far more difficult than Andrew has ever imagined. Blood, sweat, and tears are not enough.::henden_jr', "With dreams of becoming one of the best jazz drummers in the world, Andrew Neiman enrols himself into a prestigious music conservatory. His ambition does not go unnoticed, and he is hand-picked, and mentored by the schools senior instructor, Fletcher. Andrew soon realises that Fletcher's terrifying methods will either make, or break him as an artist.::BecksyKane"]
['After a tragic accident, two stage magicians engage in a battle to create the ultimate illusion while sacrificing everything they have to outwit each other.::ahmetkozan', 'In the end of the nineteenth century, in London, Robert Angier, his beloved wife Julia McCullough, and Alfred Borden are friends and assistants of a magician. When Julia accidentally dies during a performance, Robert blames Alfred for her death, and they become enemies. Both become famous and rival magicians, sabotaging the performance of the other on the stage. When Alfred performs a successful trick, Robert becomes obsessed trying to disclose the secret of his competitor with tragic consequences.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "Set in London in the 1800s, two rival magicians read each others diary containing the secrets of their magic tricks and personal life. As we go back in time when the diaries were written, both magicians become obsessed with their rival's best trick. The tricks, as shown to the audience, look the same, but neither magician can figure out how his opponent does it.::gary", 'Two magicians, who used to be partners, battle over years in order to create a flawless method for the ultimate disappearing trick, "the Transported Man", turns into an informal war between them, and soon, they will do anything to be able to preform the trick sooner and better than the other; which as time passes makes their friends and loved ones get away from them, and little-by-little destroys their lives until they eventually succeed to preform the trick, each by a very different way.::J. S. Golden', 'In nineteenth century London, illusionist Alfred Borden is on trial for the murder of fellow illusionist, Robert Angier. Borden\'s indictment is largely possible because of the eyewitness account of John Cutter, who saw Borden backstage in the area where Angier was killed. At the end of one of his shows, Angier fell through a trap door in the stage floor into a clear water-filled tank below, that tank which was a prop for one of Angier\'s tricks performed earlier in the show. Angier ended up drowning, as the tank was locked after he fell into it. Borden, Angier, and Cutter have a shared largely turbulent history, which also provides motive. Early in their magic careers, both Borden and Angier worked under "Milton the Magician", while Angier\'s wife Julia worked as his on-stage assistant, and Cutter as his ingénieur, staging the tricks and providing the apparatus required, work that he still does for others. Based on a specific incident during this stage of their relationship led to both Borden and Angier striking out, creating their own shows, and them having a feud, which was not only in the professional realm, but a personal one, where each man wanted to ruin the other. While Borden is arguably more accomplished in the technical aspects of the illusions, Angier is the more accomplished showman. In the professional realm, they tried to outdo each other, especially in the illusions considered either the most dangerous and/or mysterious, those two being catching-the-bullet trick, and more so, the transported man trick. In the process of their feud, they seemingly were not averse to any means, even with collateral damage of others. The question is if those means extend to murder, especially of the other.::Huggo', 'Illusionists Angier & Borden were once stage partners, but when a trick goes tragically wrong the pair form an intense rivalry which endangers the lives of their loved ones. The Prestige is an intricate tale of obsession, jealousy and deception.::BecksyKane', 'A mysterious story of two magicians, whose intense rivalry leads them on a life-long battle for supremacy, full of obsession, deceit, and jealousy, with dangerous and deadly consequences. From the time that they first met as young magicians on the rise, Robert Angier and Alfred Borden were competitors. However, their friendly competition evolves into a bitter rivalry making them fierce enemies-for-life, and consequently jeopardizing the lives of everyone around them. Set against the backdrop of turn-of-the-century London.::RopeOfSilicone.com']
['A mysterious stranger with a harmonica joins forces with a notorious desperado to protect a beautiful widow from a ruthless assassin working for the railroad.', "Jill McBain travels to the wild frontier; Utah - where she and her new husband planned to settle down. Upon arrival, she finds him and his children dead. There's a lot of land, and potential, but there's those who want to take it - at any cost. Even if it means killing a man and his kids.::DrGoodBeat / edited by statmanjeff", "The sprawling railways are reaching the far-west, and somewhere along its way, in a small border town, the paths of four characters are going to cross and clash: a young woman looking for a fresh start, an outlaw on the run for a crime he (this time) didn't commit, a ruthless killer on the payroll of a railroad tycoon, and a mysterious man with no name who plays a couple of sad chords on a harmonica and a few cadences on his revolver.::Azeitonascomchantili / edited by statmanjeff", "Jill McBain travels to the wild frontier; Utah - where she and her new husband planned to settle down. Upon arrival, she finds him and his children dead. There's a lot of land, and potential, but there's those who want to take it - at any cost. Even if it means killing a man and his kids::garykmcd / edited by statmanjeff", "A young woman leaves her old life behind for her new husband and a new future out West. When her train arrives, she finds him and his children murdered. A man - only known as Harmonica, knows Frank did it, and goes after him. Just then, another outlaw - Cheyenne - appears intent on tracking down Frank. As good pursuit of Frank gets closer to him, Cheyenne leaves none of Frank's associates alive.::J. S. Golden / revised by statmanjeff", 'A mysterious stranger with a harmonica joins forces with a notorious desperado to protect a beautiful widow from a ruthless assassin working for the railroad in this long frontier epic. Mysterious pasts and the strength of loyalties are explored amid lightning-fast gun battles and stylish vistas.::Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca>']
['A young boy and his little sister struggle to survive in Japan during World War II.', 'The story of Seita and Setsuko, two young Japanese siblings, living in the declining days of World War II. When an American firebombing separates the two children from their parents, the two siblings must rely completely on one another while they struggle to fight for their survival.::Kyle Perez', 'Japan, World War 2. Teenage boy Seita and his young sister Setsuko are left homeless and effectively orphaned when their city is firebombed by US bombers. They end up living with an aunt. Initially things go well and life seems almost normal again. However, their relationship with their aunt deteriorates and Seita and Setsuko decide to leave and fend for themselves. They find a place and things seem to be going well. However, over time food gets scarcer and life becomes a constant struggle for survival.::grantss', "Setsuko (aged 4) and Seita (aged 14) are brother and sister living in wartime Japan. After their mother is killed in an air raid they find a temporary home with relatives. Having quarreled with their aunt they leave the city and make their home in an abandoned shelter. While their soldier father's destiny is unknown, the two must depend on each other to somehow keep a roof over their heads and food in their stomachs. When everything is in short supply, they gradually succumb to hunger and their only entertainment is the light of the fireflies.::Corrected by Liron"]
['A cynical American expatriate struggles to decide whether or not he should help his former lover and her fugitive husband escape French Morocco.::Noah Orent', "The story of Rick Blaine, a cynical world-weary ex-patriate who runs a nightclub in Casablanca, Morocco during the early stages of WWII. Despite the pressure he constantly receives from the local authorities, Rick's cafe has become a kind of haven for refugees seeking to obtain illicit letters that will help them escape to America. But when Ilsa, a former lover of Rick's, and her husband, show up to his cafe one day, Rick faces a tough challenge which will bring up unforeseen complications, heartbreak and ultimately an excruciating decision to make.::Kyle Perez", "In World War II Casablanca, Rick Blaine, exiled American and former freedom fighter, runs the most popular nightspot in town. The cynical lone wolf Blaine comes into the possession of two valuable letters of transit. When Nazi Major Strasser arrives in Casablanca, the sycophantic police Captain Renault does what he can to please him, including detaining a Czechoslovak underground leader Victor Laszlo. Much to Rick's surprise, Lazslo arrives with Ilsa, Rick's one time love. Rick is very bitter towards Ilsa, who ran out on him in Paris, but when he learns she had good reason to, they plan to run off together again using the letters of transit. Well, that was their original plan....::Gary Jackson <garyjack5@cogeco.ca>", 'During World War II, Europeans who were fleeing from the Germans, sought refuge in America. But to get there they would first have to go Casablanca and once they get there, they have to obtain exit visas which are not very easy to come by. Now the hottest spot in all of Casablanca is Rick\'s Cafe which is operated by Rick Blaine, an American expatriate, who for some reason can\'t return there, and he is also extremely cynical. Now it seems that two German couriers were killed and the documents they were carrying were taken. Now one of Rick\'s regulars, Ugarte entrusts to him some letters of transit, which he intends to sell but before he does he is arrested for killing the couriers. Captain Renault, the Chief of Police, who is neutral in his political views, informs Rick that Victor Laszlo, a resistance leader from Czechoslovakia, is in Casablanca and will do anything to get an exit visa but Renault has been "told" by Major Strasser of the Gestapo, to keep Laszlo in Casablanca. Laszlo goes to Rick\'s to meet Ugarte, because he was the one Ugarte was going to sell the letters to. But since Ugarte was arrested he has to find another way. Accompanying him is Ilsa Lund, who knew Rick when he was in Paris, and when they meet some of Rick\'s old wounds reopen. It is obvious that Rick\'s stone heart was because of her leaving him. And when they learn that Rick has the letters, he refuses to give them to him, because "he doesn\'t stick his neck out for anyone".::rcs0411@yahoo.com', 'Rick Blaine, who owns a nightclub in Casablanca, Morocco, discovers his old flame Ilsa is in town with her husband, Victor Laszlo. Laszlo is a resistance leader from Czechoslovakia, and with Germans on his tail, Ilsa knows Rick can help them get out of the country - but will he?::Anonymous']
['A wheelchair-bound photographer spies on his neighbors from his apartment window and becomes convinced one of them has committed murder.::Col Needham <cn@imdb.com>', 'Professional photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jefferies breaks his leg while getting an action shot at an auto race. Confined to his New York apartment, he spends his time looking out of the rear window observing the neighbors. He begins to suspect that a man across the courtyard may have murdered his wife. Jeff enlists the help of his high society fashion-consultant girlfriend Lisa Freemont and his visiting nurse Stella to investigate.::Col Needham <col@imdb.com>', 'L.B. "Jeff" Jefferies is an immobilized photo-journalist who, after breaking his leg photographing a racetrack accident, finds himself wheelchair bound and confined to the walls of his apartment. His rear window looks out onto a courtyard and several other apartments, where the binocular-wielding Jefferies spends his days as a voyeur spying on his neighbors. Jefferies gradually becomes more and more engrossed with this activity of his, and soon brings his girlfriend, Lisa, in on the thrill of his voyeurism. It\'s all fun and games for the two until they witness what they believe to be a murder in progress, becoming increasingly convinced as they continue to observe the apartment.::Kyle Perez', 'Photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jefferies is confined to his small apartment with a broken leg. To pass the time, he watches the goings-on of his motley assortment of neighbors - a frustrated yet fun-loving composer, a middle-aged couple with a small dog, a dancer who seems to enjoy practicing her routines while scantily clad, a pair of reclusive newlyweds, a lonely woman who seems to live in a fantasy world, and a salesman and his invalid wife. One day the wife inexplicably disappears, and the salesman starts doing things that lead Jeff to suspect that he may have murdered her. Unfortunately, he has no proof and no one seems to believe him. Eventually, however, things start falling together in a way that make it look like Jeff might just be right after all. Finally, his girlfriend Lisa and his nurse Stella come up with a plan to catch the killer red-handed. But doing so could put all of their lives in danger.::LOTUS73', 'In 1950-something New York, an adventuresome free-lance photographer finds himself confined to a wheelchair in his tiny apartment while a broken leg mends. With only the occasional distraction of a visiting nurse and his frustrated love interest, a beautiful fashion consultant, his attention is naturally drawn to the courtyard outside his "rear window" and the occupants of the apartment buildings which surround it. Soon he is consumed by the private dramas of his neighbors lives which play themselves out before his eyes. There is "Miss Lonelyhearts," so desperate for her imaginary lover that she sits him a plate at the dinner table and feigns their ensuing chat. There is the frustrated composer banging on his piano, the sunbathing sculptress, the shapely dancer, the newlyweds who are concealed from their neighbors by a window shade, and a bungling middle-aged couple with a little yapping dog who sleep on the fire escape to avoid the sweltering heat of their apartment. ...And then there is the mysterious salesman whose nagging, invalid wife\'s sudden absence from the scene ominously coincides with middle-of-the-night forays into the dark, sleeping city with his sample case. Where did she go? What\'s in the trunk that the salesman ships away? What\'s he been doing with the knives and the saw that he cleans at the kitchen sink?::Mark Fleetwood <mfleetwo@mail.coin.missouri.edu>', 'Professional photographer L.B. "Jeff" Jefferies is a prisoner of sorts in his own apartment sporting a hip cast from one of his adventures. He has little to do and spends much of the time observing his neighbors, including a newlywed couple, a middle-aged woman who lives alone and a ballerina who seems to attract men without much effort. He becomes particularly interested in one neighbor, Lars Thorwald, a traveling salesman whose invalid wife spends much of her time in bed. When he sees Thorwald make several trips out of his apartment on a particularly rainy night, he begins to wonder what may be going on. The disappearance of his wife makes him think he may have murdered her. Jefferies has few visitors, but the elegant and beautiful Lisa Fremont, who is madly in love with him, sees him daily and while she is at first skeptical, soon comes around to his way of thinking. In order to get proof however, it will be necessary for her to enter Thorwald\'s apartment.::garykmcd']
["A filmmaker recalls his childhood when falling in love with the pictures at the cinema of his home village and forms a deep friendship with the cinema's projectionist.", "A boy who grew up in a native Sicilian Village returns home as a famous director after receiving news about the death of an old friend. Told in a flashback, Salvatore reminiscences about his childhood and his relationship with Alfredo, a projectionist at Cinema Paradiso. Under the fatherly influence of Alfredo, Salvatore fell in love with film making, with the duo spending many hours discussing about films and Alfredo painstakingly teaching Salvatore the skills that became a stepping stone for the young boy into the world of film making. The film brings the audience through the changes in cinema and the dying trade of traditional film making, editing and screening. It also explores a young boy's dream of leaving his little town to foray into the world outside.::Clarisse P.", "A man receives news from his aging mother in a little town that someone he once knew has passed away. A beautiful story unfolds about the man's childhood friendship with an old man who was the projectionist at the local theater. Their bond was one that contained many highlights and tragedies, and shaped the way for a young boy to grow and move out of his rundown village to pursue a dream.::Tam Bui <tbui@bjt.net>"]
['After a space merchant vessel receives an unknown transmission as a distress call, one of the crew is attacked by a mysterious life form and they soon realize that its life cycle has merely begun.::dimakorou', "In the distant future, the crew of the commercial spaceship Nostromo are on their way home when they pick up a distress call from a distant moon. The crew are under obligation to investigate and the spaceship descends on the moon afterwards. After a rough landing, three crew members leave the spaceship to explore the area on the moon. At the same time as they discover a hive colony of some unknown creature, the ship's computer deciphers the message to be a warning, not a distress call. When one of the eggs is disturbed, the crew realizes that they are not alone on the spaceship and they must deal with the consequences.::blazesnakes9", 'In the far reaches of space, a crew on-board the ship Nostromo are returning to Earth until they receive a distress call, an alien one. Unknown to them, they will soon take back with them the most terrifying creature in the universe: The Xenomorph, a killing machine that bleeds corrosive acid whenever anyone tries to hurt it. All alone in space, no one can hear them scream: trying to warn the rest of the galaxy of the terror that is the Xenomorph.::Johnny', 'In the distant future, during her return to Earth, the commercial spaceship Nostromo intercepts a distress call from a distant moon. The seven-member crew are awakened from hypersleep and the spaceship subsequently descends on the moon. While exploring the moon, a three-member team of the crew discover a derelict spaceship and a huge chamber inside her containing thousands of eggs. When a curious team member goes near the egg, the parasite inside the egg attacks him, rendering him unconscious. He is brought back aboard and the spaceship takes off. After a little while, the parasite dies and his host wakes up seemingly unruffled. Everything soon returns to normal, but not for long.::Soumitra']
['A U.S. Army officer serving in Vietnam is tasked with assassinating a renegade Special Forces Colonel who sees himself as a god.::Noah Orent', "It is the height of the war in Vietnam, and U.S. Army Captain Willard is sent by Colonel Lucas and a General to carry out a mission that, officially, 'does not exist - nor will it ever exist'. The mission: To seek out a mysterious Green Beret Colonel, Walter Kurtz, whose army has crossed the border into Cambodia and is conducting hit-and-run missions against the Viet Cong and NVA. The army believes Kurtz has gone completely insane and Willard's job is to eliminate him. Willard, sent up the Nung River on a U.S. Navy patrol boat, discovers that his target is one of the most decorated officers in the U.S. Army. His crew meets up with surfer-type Lt-Colonel Kilgore, head of a U.S Army helicopter cavalry group which eliminates a Viet Cong outpost to provide an entry point into the Nung River. After some hair-raising encounters, in which some of his crew are killed, Willard, Lance and Chef reach Colonel Kurtz's outpost, beyond the Do Lung Bridge. Now, after becoming prisoners of Kurtz, will Willard & the others be able to fulfill their mission?::Derek O'Cain", "In 1969, at the height of the Vietnam War, Captain Benjamin Willard is resting in his hotel room, waiting for a mission to be given to him by the United States Army. A mission that no one else has ever been given before. The mission is to travel upriver to assassinate a colonel, who's gone AWOL and acts like a demi-god to a group of tribal natives in the jungle. Taking the mission for what it is, Willard travels upriver along with a ragtag group of American soldiers, some of which are called by their nicknames. Along the way, several obstacles get in their way of the mission including a deadly encounter with a tiger and heavy enemy fire at a strategic bridge. As Willard nears the end of his mission, he soon finds himself reeling in the horrors and sanity of war itself as he confronts the colonel face to face in which Willard's true nature begins to emerge slowly.::blazesnakes9", "The worn out and fatigued U.S Army captain Benjamin L. Willard is sent on a harrowing and surreal mission into the deepest parts of the jungle during the height of the Vietnam War, with the objective of eliminating the rogue Walter E. Kurtz, a Green Beret officer who has completely lost his sanity. Together with a small squad of soldiers, Willard sets out by boat to travel upriver towards Kurtz' base. But Willard soon eerily realizes that the closer he gets to his target, the more he seems himself in him. Everything could happen on the mission, but one thing is clear; if successful, Willard will not return the same.::goddangwatir", 'At the height of the Vietnam war, experienced soldier and covert operative Captain Benjamin Willard withdraws from a drunken and disheveled state to accept his most daring and secretive mission yet. His objective is to travel down the Nyung river by boat and assassinate a Green Beret Colonel named Kurtz who has gone insane deep within the Jungle, and leads his men and a local tribe as a god on illegal guerrilla missions into enemy territory. As Willard and the crew of a Navy PR boat unaware of his objective embark on their journey from the security of civilization into the untamed depths of the jungle, Willard confronts not only the same horrors and hypocrisy that pushed the level headed Colonel Kurtz over the edge into an abyss of insanity, but the primal violence of human nature and the darkness of his own heart.::redcommander27', "Vietnam, 1969. Burnt out Special Forces officer Captain Willard is sent into the jungle with top-secret orders to find and kill renegade Colonel Kurtz who has set up his own army within the jungle. As Willard descends into the jungle, he is slowly over taken by the jungle's mesmerizing powers and battles the insanity which surrounds him. His boat crew succumbs to drugs and is slowly killed off one by one. As Willard continues his journey he becomes more and more like the man he was sent to kill.::Michael Arndt"]
['In Gotham City, mentally troubled comedian Arthur Fleck is disregarded and mistreated by society. He then embarks on a downward spiral of revolution and bloody crime. This path brings him face-to-face with his alter-ego: the Joker.::Don Draper 101', 'Arthur Fleck works as a clown and is an aspiring stand-up comic. He has mental health issues, part of which involves uncontrollable laughter. Times are tough and, due to his issues and occupation, Arthur has an even worse time than most. Over time these issues bear down on him, shaping his actions, making him ultimately take on the persona he is more known as...Joker.::grantss', "Arthur Fleck is a wannabe stand-up comic who suffers from many mental illnesses, including one which causes him to laugh uncontrollably when he is nervous, and often gets him into bad situations. Arthur's mental health causes almost all people in society to reject and look down upon him, even though all he wants is to be accepted by others. After being brutally beaten, having his medication cut off, Arthur's life begins to spiral downward out-of-control into delusions, violence, and anarchy until he eventually transforms into Gotham's infamous Clown-Prince of Crime.::geometrydashbroham", 'A socially inept clown for hire - Arthur Fleck aspires to be a stand up comedian among his small job working dressed as a clown holding a sign for advertising. He takes care of his mother- Penny Fleck, and as he learns more about his mental illness, he learns more about his past. Dealing with all the negativity and bullying from society he heads downwards on a spiral, in turn showing how his alter ego "Joker", came to be.::crisspaggos', "Struggling to make people laugh in grim early-1980s Gotham City, the mentally ill street clown and failed stand-up comedian, Arthur Fleck, wears his smudgy makeup every day to eke out an existence. Mocked, bullied, and above all, marginalised, Fleck's slippery grip on reality will pave the way for a gradual descent into a dark world of unrestrained violence, as a loaded revolver enters the picture offering the long-awaited liberation. Then, the medications stopped working, and troubled Arthur's fierce hatred seems to be the only way out. Is the world prepared for the gloriously malevolent advent of the grinned super-villain, Joker?::Nick Riganas", "Forever alone in a crowd, failed comedian Arthur Fleck seeks connection as he walks the streets of Gotham City. Arthur wears two masks -- the one he paints for his day job as a clown, and the guise he projects in a futile attempt to feel like he's part of the world around him. Isolated, bullied and disregarded by society, Fleck begins a slow descent into madness as he transforms into the criminal mastermind known as the Joker.::Jwelch5742"]
["A man with short-term memory loss attempts to track down his wife's murderer.::Noah Orent", 'Memento chronicles two separate stories of Leonard, an ex-insurance investigator who can no longer build new memories, as he attempts to find the murderer of his wife, which is the last thing he remembers. One story line moves forward in time while the other tells the story backwards revealing more each time.::Scion013', "A memory inside a memory, Memento is a complicated head spinning adventure. Leonard is determined to avenge his wife's murder. However, unable to remember anything that happens day-to-day due to a condition he sustained, short term memory loss, he has to write himself note after note that still don't mean anything after he falls asleep. The film goes back in time to reveal each little bit of the puzzle as he tries to find out the person who killed his wife and makes the audience feel just as confused as he is. The narrative closely follows a phone call Pearce has in which he talks about Sammy Jankis a former client of his who he believed had the same condition. The film takes an unexpected twist as the two characters have a lot more in common than is initially put across.::gab_b270@hotmail.com", "Leonard Shelby has short term memory loss resulting from an injury he sustained which was associated with the murder of his wife. He remembers his life prior to the incident, such as being an insurance claims investigator. He has learned to cope with his memory loss through dealing with a man named Sammy Jankis, a person he investigated professionally who also had short term memory issues. Some of these coping mechanism are to have a system of where to place things, talk to people face-to-face if possible rather than on the telephone as to be able to gauge their true intention, take Polaroids and write copious notes, the most important of those which he tattoos on his body so that they become permanent. Leonard's current mission is to find and kill his wife's murderer, who he believes is a man named John G., a name which is tattooed on his body. Over the course of a day, Leonard is assisted in this mission by a few people seemingly independent of each other, including a man named Teddy and a woman named Natalie. However, each time he meets them, he has no idea who they are, why they are helping him and if indeed they are working toward the same goal as him.::Huggo", "Leonard is an insurance investigator whose memory has been damaged following a head injury he sustained after intervening on his wife's murder. His quality of life has been severely hampered after this event, and he can now only live a comprehendable life by tattooing notes on himself and taking pictures of things with a Polaroid camera. The movie is told in forward flashes of events that are to come that compensate for his unreliable memory, during which he has liaisons with various complex characters. Leonard badly wants revenge for his wife's murder, but, as numerous characters explain, there may be little point if he won't remember it in order to provide closure for him. The movie veers between these future occurrences and a telephone conversation Leonard is having in his motel room in which he compares his current state to that of a client whose claim he once dealt with.::<tgraham@currantbun.com>", "Point blank in the head a man shoots another. In flashbacks, each one earlier in time than what we've just seen, the two men's pasts unfold. Leonard, as a result of a blow to the head during an assault on his wife, has no short-term memory. He's looking for his wife's killer, compensating for his disability by taking Polaroids, annotating them and tattooing important facts on his body. We meet the loquacious Teddy and the seductive Natalie (a barmaid who promises to help) and we glimpse Leonard's wife through memories from before the assault. Leonard also talks about Sammy Jankis, a man he knew with a similar condition. Has Leonard found the killer? Who's manipulating whom?::<jhailey@hotmail.com>"]
["In 1936, archaeologist and adventurer Indiana Jones is hired by the U.S. government to find the Ark of the Covenant before Adolf Hitler's Nazis can obtain its awesome powers.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>", 'The year is 1936. An archeology professor named Indiana Jones is venturing in the jungles of South America searching for a golden statue. Unfortunately, he sets off a deadly trap but miraculously escapes. Then, Jones hears from a museum curator named Marcus Brody about a biblical artifact called The Ark of the Covenant, which can hold the key to humanly existence. Jones has to venture to vast places such as Nepal and Egypt to find this artifact. However, he will have to fight his enemy Rene Belloq and a band of Nazis in order to reach it.::John Wiggins', "As the Third Reich continues its reign of terror, Adolf Hitler is on a quest for the legendary Ark of the Covenant- resting place of the Ten Commandments- whose supernatural powers, legend says, can wipe out entire armies. The U.S. Government turns to Dr. Indiana Jones, for the mission. Relentlessly pursued by Hitler's henchmen, Indy infiltrates their massive digging operation in a race against time to discover the Well of the Souls, where the Ark has lain undisturbed for centuries.::Jwelch5742", 'Set in the year of 1936, Indiana Jones "Harrison Ford" famous archeologist, adventurer, and college professor, is hired to receive the Ark of the Covenant by the U.S government. Unfortunately the Nazis also want to acquire it, including Indy\'s personal rival, Rene Belloq "Paul Freeman". With the help of his ex lover, Marion Craine(Karen Allen) they set out on an unforgettable quest and adventure.', 'Renowned archeologist and expert in the occult, Dr. Indiana Jones, is hired by the U.S. Government to find the Ark of the Covenant, which is believed to still hold the ten commandments. Unfortunately, agents of Hitler are also after the Ark. Indy, and his ex-flame Marion, escape from various close scrapes in a quest that takes them from Nepal to Cairo.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', "The year is 1936. Archeology professor Indiana Jones narrowly escapes death in a South American temple with a gold idol - by poison dart, fall, and finally a giant boulder that chases him out the front. An old enemy, Rene Belloq, steals the idol and then orders Hovito indians after Indy. Indy, however, escapes back to the USA, where Army Intelligence officers are waiting for him at his university. They tell him about a flurry of Nazi archaeological activity near Cairo, which Indy determines to be the possible resting place of the Ark of the Covenant - the chest that carried the 10 Commandments. The Ark is believed to carry an incredibly powerful energy that must not fall into Nazi hands. Indiana is immediately sent overseas, stopping in Nepal to pick up an old girlfriend (his old professor's daughter) and then meeting up in Cairo with his friend Sallah. But danger lurks everywhere in the form of Nazi thugs, and poisonous snakes in the Ark's resting place. After Belloq, hired by the Nazis, makes off again with the Ark, Indy & Marion are determined to get it back, and they overpower the pilot of a German plane. But Indy finds himself confronted with a giant German thug, and after a frightening hand-to-hand fight Indy & Marion blow up the plane. Now the Nazis must drive the Ark to Cairo, but Indy regains control of the Ark after running the convoy off the road, one vehicle at a time. Once again the Nazis recapture the Ark...and Marion, heading for a Nazi-controlled island. There, Belloq will open the Ark...to demonstrate the horrific power it can unleash upon the world!::Derek O'Cain", 'Spring 1936. In the thick jungle of the South American continent, a renowned archeologist and expert on the occult is studying fragments of a map, when one of his exploration party pulls a gun. The archeologist pulls out a bullwhip and with such disarms the turncoat, sending him running - thus does Dr. Henry "Indiana" Jones stay alive. He and a guide enter a dank and oppressively vast cave that contains several traps created by the ancient race which hid inside a famous handheld statue; Indy barely escapes such traps but is cornered by native tribesmen served by Belloq, an old enemy who arrogantly makes off with the statue, while Indy must flee for his life and escape on a friend\'s seaplane. Back in the US two agents from US Army intelligence tell him of Nazi German activities in archeology, including a gigantic excavation site in Egypt - a site that an intercepted cable indicates to Indy is the location of the Ark of the Covenant, the powerful chest bearing the Ten Commandments, that the Nazis can use to obliterate any enemy. Indy must recruit a former girlfriend (the daughter of his old professor) and an old chum in Cairo to infiltrate the Nazi site and make off with the Ark, but along the way Indy gets involved in a series of fights, chases, and traps, before the Nazis learn the full power of the Ark.::Michael Daly']
["Dictator Adenoid Hynkel tries to expand his empire while a poor Jewish barber tries to avoid persecution from Hynkel's regime.::Anonymous", "20 years after the end of WWI, in which the nation of Tomainia was on the losing side, Adenoid Hynkel has risen to power as the ruthless dictator of the country. He believes in a pure Aryan state and the decimation of the Jews. This situation is unknown to a simple Jewish Tomainian barber who has been hospitalized since a WWI battle. Upon his release the barber, who had been suffering from memory loss about the war, is shown the new persecuted life of the Jews by many living in the Jewish ghetto, including a washerwoman named Hannah with whom he begins a relationship. The barber is ultimately spared such persecution by Commander Schultz, whom he saved in that WWI battle. The lives of all Jews in Tomainia are eventually spared with a policy shift by Hynkel himself, who is doing so for ulterior motives. But those motives include a desire for world domination, starting with the invasion of neighboring Osterlich, which may be threatened by Benzino Napaloni, the dictator of neighboring Bacteria. Ultimately Schultz, who has turned traitor against Hynkel's regime, and the barber may be able to join forces to take control of the situation, using Schultz's inside knowledge of the regime's workings and the barber's uncanny resemblance to one of those in power.::Huggo", "During the last days of the First World War, a clumsy soldier saves the life of devoted military pilot Schultz. Unfortunately, their flight from the advancing enemy ends in a severe crash with the clumsy soldier losing his memory. After many years in the hospital, the amnesia patient gets released and reopens his old barber shop in the Jewish ghetto. But times have changed in the country of Tomania: Dictator Adenoid Hynkel, who accidentally looks very similar to the barber, has imposed his merciless grip on the country, and Jewish people are discriminated against. One day the barber gets in trouble and is brought before a commanding officer, who turns out to be his old comrade Schultz. The ghetto enjoys protection from then on. Meanwhile, Dictator Hynkel develops big plans: he wants to become Dictator of the whole world and needs a scapegoat for the public. Soon Schultz is being arrested for being too Jewish-friendly, and all Jews except those who managed to flee are transported into Concentration Camps. Hynkel is planning to march into Osterlich to show off against Napaloni, Dictator of Bacteria, who has already deployed his troops along the small country's other border. Meanwhile, Schultz and the barber manage to escape, disguised in military uniforms. Luckily, Schultz and the barber are picked up by Tomanian forces and the barber is mixed up with Hynkel himself. The small barber now gets the once-in-a-lifetime chance to speak to the people of Osterlich and all of Tomania, who listen eagerly on the radio.::Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com>"]
['In 1984 East Berlin, an agent of the secret police, conducting surveillance on a writer and his lover, finds himself becoming increasingly absorbed by their lives.::Shannon Patrick Sullivan <shannon@mun.ca>', "Gerd Wiesler is an officer with the Stasi, the East German secret police. The film begins in 1984 when Wiesler attends a play written by Georg Dreyman, who is considered by many to be the ultimate example of the loyal citizen. Wiesler has a gut feeling that Dreyman can't be as ideal as he seems, and believes surveillance is called for. The Minister of Culture agrees but only later does Wiesler learn that the Minister sees Dreyman as a rival and lusts after his partner Christa-Maria. The more time he spends listening in on them, the more he comes to care about them. The once rigid Stasi officer begins to intervene in their lives, in a positive way, protecting them whenever possible. Eventually, Wiesler's activities catch up to him and while there is no proof of wrongdoing, he finds himself in menial jobs - until the unbelievable happens.::garykmcd", 'East Berlin, 1984. The Cold War is still raging and the communist bloc does not trust its own citizens. A secret police agent is tasked with conducting surveillance on a writer and his lover. Over time, rather than being coldly distant, he finds himself being absorbed by their private lives.::grantss', '1985, East Berlin: The Stasi (East German secret police) bugs the apartment of a famous writer. A staunch party-line Stasi officer is put in charge of the electronic eavesdropping. Gradually the intelligence officer becomes a silent accomplice .::Wiedemann & Berg Film', "In the early 1980s, Georg Dreyman (a successful dramatist) and his longtime companion Christa-Maria Sieland (a popular actress), were huge intellectual stars in (former) East Germany, although they secretly don't always toe the party line. One day, the Minister of Culture becomes interested in Christa, so the secret service agent Wiesler is instructed to observe and sound out the couple, but their life fascinates him more and more.::fippi2000"]
['With the help of a German bounty hunter, a freed slave sets out to rescue his wife from a brutal Mississippi plantation owner.::Anonymous and Brian McInnis', "In 1858, a bounty hunter named Schultz seeks out a slave named Django and buys him because he needs him to find some men he is looking for. After finding them, Django wants to find his wife, Broomhilda, who along with him were sold separately by his former owner for trying to escape. Schultz offers to help him if he chooses to stay with him and be his partner. Eventually they learn that she was sold to a plantation in Mississippi. Knowing they can't just go in and say they want her, they come up with a plan so that the owner will welcome them into his home and they can find a way.::rcs0411@yahoo.com", 'In 1858, in Texas, the former German dentist Dr. King Schultz meets the slave Django in a lonely road while being transported by the slavers Speck Brothers. He asks if Django knows the Brittle Brothers and with the affirmative, he buys Django for him. Then Dr. Schultz tells that he is a bounty hunter chasing John, Ellis and Roger Brittle and proposes a deal to Django: if he helps him, he would give his freedom, a horse and US$ 75.00 for him. Django accepts the deal and Dr. Schultz trains him to be his deputy. They kill the brothers in Daughtray and Django tells that he would use the money to buy the freedom of his wife Broomhilda, who is a slave that speaks German. Dr. Schultz proposes another deal to Django: if he teams-up with him during the winter, he would give one-third of the rewards and help him to rescue Broomhilda. Django accepts his new deal and they become friends. After the winter, Dr. Schultz goes to Gatlinburgh and learns that Broomhilda was sold to the ruthless Calvin Candie von Shaft, who lives in the Candyland Farm, in Mississippi. Dr. Schultz plots a scheme with Django to lure Calvin and rescue Broomhilda from him. But his cruel minion Stephen is not easily fooled.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "In the late 1850's, former dentist turned bounty hunter Dr King Schultz buys the freedom of a man named Django from a slave trader duo in a quest to find and kill some men he wants dead. Afterwards, Django sets out with help from Schultz to find and rescue his wife Broomhilda who like him was sold into slavery by an anonymous owner. Their journey takes them to a plantation called Candieland, owned by a ruthless tycoon. Also, they come to some suspicions of the head slave named Stephen.::Blazer346", "Two years before the Civil War pits brother-against-brother, German-born fugitive hunter Dr. King Schultz (Academy Award-winner Christoph Waltz) arrives in America determined to capture the outlaw Brittle brothers dead or alive. In the midst of his search, Dr. Schultz crosses paths with Django (Academy Award-winner Jamie Foxx), a freed slave and skilled tracker who seeks to rescue his beloved wife Broomhilda (Kerry Washington) from ruthless plantation owner Calvin Candie (Academy Award-nominee Leonardo DiCaprio). Once Django has aided Dr. Schultz in coral ling the Brittle brothers, the two team up to capture some of the most wanted men in the South. Meanwhile, Django never loses sight of his mission to free Broomhilda from the treacherous slave trade before it's too late. Upon arriving at Candie's nefarious plantation, dubbed Candyland, Django and Dr. Schultz discover that slaves are being groomed for gladiator-like competitions by Candie's malevolent right-hand man Billy Crash (Walton Goggins), and together they skillfully work their way onto the compound for a closer look. But just as Django and his partner locate Broomhilda and plot a daring escape, Candie's house slave Stephen (Academy Award-nominee Samuel L. Jackson) catches wind of their plan, and informs his master of the betrayal. Now, as a clandestine organization attempts to back them into a corner, Django and Dr. Schultz will have to come out with pistols blazing if they ever hope to free Broomhilda from Candyland and the clutches of its vile proprietor.::ahmetkozan"]
['After refusing to attack an enemy position, a general accuses the soldiers of cowardice and their commanding officer must defend them.', 'The futility and irony of the war in the trenches in WWI is shown as a unit commander in the French army must deal with the mutiny of his men and a glory-seeking general after part of his force falls back under fire in an impossible attack.::Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca>', 'In "Paths of Glory" war is viewed in terms of power. This film about a true episode in World War I combines the idea that class differences are more important than national differences with the cannon-fodder theory of war, the theory that soldiers are merely pawns in the hands of generals who play at war is if it were a game of chess.::alfiehitchie', "1916. The trench warfare between the French and Germans on the battlefields of France results in little advancement of troops on either side - each advancement in tens of meters rather than kilometers - but in many casualties. Thus, the request by French General George Broulard to his subordinate General Paul Mireau to lead an attack to capture the Anthill, a key German held position which is just visible from the current French trench position, is generally regarded as futile. The request is largely one out of want for personal glory for the French military's upper echelon with little regard for the soldiers. Mireau hesitates in accepting the assignment until he learns that a prestigious promotion is on the line, one that is his regardless of success or failure. The regiment he assigns to carry out the attack is led by Colonel Dax, who has no other option but to obey orders despite both he and Mireau knowing the regiment's casualties would number over half without any guarantee of success. While Mireau's eyes are on his own personal gain, Dax is concerned both with carrying out the mission to the best of his ability while protecting his soldiers as a collective. What happens on the battlefield leads to a further rift in overall beliefs between Mireau and Dax in what is best for French society. What also results from the battle is a legal issue scapegoating three of Dax's soldiers, he who will protect his men to the best of his abilities against the cards stacked against them by the military elite.::Huggo", 'A regiment are provoked to leave their trench during the capture of "Ant Hill" after a secluded ambush. Three individual soldiers are picked randomly from the regiment, to face a death trial for cowardice. Meanwhile their commanding officer Col. Dax defends their dignity, and life by battling with a general duo who seek to prove a vital point.', "1916 - trench warfare between French and German troops on the battlefields of France perpetuates the slaughter of soldiers while impeding the significant advancement of either side. Indifferent to the plight of the men bogged down in the hell of the trenches, the French military elite incentivize their upper ranks with the promise of prestigious promotions - regardless of the outcome - in order to break the impasse. Colonel Dax (Kirk Douglas) is subsequently ordered by General Paul Mireau (George Macready) to launch an impossible attack on the heavily fortified, key German position of Anthill and Dax is in no position to refuse the suicidal assignment. In return for their service, a few of Dax's soldiers are scapegoated and he is forced to mount a defense against his own egomaniacal superiors and their insatiable hunger for glory.::Mae Moreno"]
['A family heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where a sinister presence influences the father into violence, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings from both past and future.::Helltopay27', 'Signing a contract, Jack Torrance, a normal writer and former teacher agrees to take care of a hotel which has a long, violent past that puts everyone in the hotel in a nervous situation. While Jack slowly gets more violent and angry of his life, his son, Danny, tries to use a special talent, the "Shining", to inform the people outside about whatever that is going on in the hotel.::J. S. Golden', 'Haunted by a persistent writer\'s block, the aspiring author and recovering alcoholic, Jack Torrance, drags his wife, Wendy, and his gifted son, Danny, up snow-capped Colorado\'s secluded Overlook Hotel after taking up a job as an off-season caretaker. As the cavernous hotel shuts down for the season, the manager gives Jack a grand tour, and the facility\'s chef, the ageing Mr Hallorann, has a fascinating chat with Danny about a rare psychic gift called "The Shining", making sure to warn him about the hotel\'s abandoned rooms, and, in particular, the off-limits Room 237. However, instead of overcoming the dismal creative rut, little by little, Jack starts losing his mind, trapped in an unforgiving environment of seemingly endless snowstorms, and a gargantuan silent prison riddled with strange occurrences and eerie visions. Now, the incessant voices inside Jack\'s head demand sacrifice. Is Jack capable of murder?::Nick Riganas', 'Jack Torrance becomes the caretaker of the Overlook Hotel up in the secluded mountains of Colorado. Jack, being a family man, takes his wife and son to the hotel to keep him company throughout the long and isolated nights. During their stay strange things occur when Jack\'s son Danny sees gruesome images powered by a force called "The Shining" and Jack is heavily affected by this. Along with writer\'s block and the demons of the hotel haunting him Jack has a complete mental breakdown and the situation takes a sinister turn for the worse.::Niam Dodd <niamdodd@hotmail.com>', "Jack Torrance gets a job as the custodian of the Overlook Hotel, in the mountains of Colorado. The place is closed down during winter, Torrance and his family will be the only occupants of the hotel for a long while. When the snow storms block the Torrance family in the hotel, Jack's son Danny, who discovers that Jack is going crazy. When Jack meets the former custodian of the hotel, things begin to get really nasty.::Flavio Rizzardi <spillo@maya.dei.unpid.it>", 'A novelist - Jack Torrance takes a job interview as winter caretaker of the isolated, old, huge and beautiful Overlook Hotel. Jack brings his wife - Wendy and his son Danny. It happens that Danny, has a mysterious power known as "The Shining". Danny meets Hallorann - the hotel cook in their first day arriving at the Overlook, who warns him about the hotel and the sinister Room 237. As the days go by, Danny has visions, meanwhile Jack starts driving into insanity, turning more and more aggressive, at the point that Danny and Wendy gets convinced that Jack might try to do something bad.::Film Geek Guy']
['The Avengers and their allies must be willing to sacrifice all in an attempt to defeat the powerful Thanos before his blitz of devastation and ruin puts an end to the universe.::ahmetkozan', 'As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment, the fate of Earth and existence has never been more uncertain.::Marvel Studios', 'Now that Earth has put its mark on the universe through the Avengers, all superheroes, including ones from other parts of the Galaxy, must join forces to stop the powerful Thanos from taking all the infinity stones and destroying the universe one planet at a time.::Joshua Chandler', "The mad titan Thanos (Josh Brolin) begins his hunt for the most powerful objects in the universe, the Infinity Stones, in this movie. With the Space Stone, given by Loki (Tom Hiddleston), and the Power Stone, Thanos sends (Ebony Maw, Cull Obsidian to retrieve the Time Stone from Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), sends Proxima Midnight, and Corvus Glaive) to retrieve the Mind Stone from Vision (Paul Bettany). Meanwhile, Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.) meets up with Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo) and sorcerers Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch) and Wong (Benedict Wong). With help from Peter Parker/Spider-Man (Tom Holland), Stark and Strange join forces together and agree to stop Thanos. In space, Thor (Chris Hemsworth) also joins forces with the Guardians of the Galaxy, Star-Lord (Chris Pratt), Drax (Dave Bautista), Rocket (Bradley Cooper), Groot (Vin Diesel), Mantis (Pom Klementieff), and Gamora (Zoe Saldana), the daughter of Thanos who warns Thor of his power. Thor travels away to defeat Thanos with Rocket and Groot, while the other Guardians join forces with Stark, Strange, and Parker. In Wakanda, Steve Rogers (Chris Evans) and his team, Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), Falcon (Anthony Mackie), Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen), War Machine (Don Cheadle), and Bruce Banner to protect Vision and the Mind Stone in his forehead. With protection given from King T'Challa/Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman), and his Wakandan army, Thanos will come for everyone to destroy half the universe.::kenamwilliam", 'Two years after the Leipzig fight and immediately following the destruction of Asgard, the Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy learn that the Mad Titan Thanos is seeking to collect the Infinity Stones, which are said to be the most powerful artifacts in the universe. Facing an enemy too powerful to stop alone, the Avengers and the Guardians, alongside Doctor Strange, Black Panther, and Spider-Man must come together and stop Thanos from inflicting his power and destroying the universe.::Blazer346', "The mad titan Thanos has begun his quest to obtain all six Infinity Stones, which will give him the power to wipe out half of all life in the universe. Earth's mightiest heroes, now with help from the Guardians of the Galaxy, will be tested like never before in their efforts to fight against their most powerful threat to date.::ahmetkozan"]
['In the distant future, a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind.::tb4000', 'In a distant, but not so unrealistic, future where mankind has abandoned earth because it has become covered with trash from products sold by the powerful multi-national Buy N Large corporation, WALL-E, a garbage collecting robot has been left to clean up the mess. Mesmerized with trinkets of Earth\'s history and show tunes, WALL-E is alone on Earth except for a sprightly pet cockroach. One day, EVE, a sleek (and dangerous) reconnaissance robot, is sent to Earth to find proof that life is once again sustainable. WALL-E falls in love with EVE. WALL-E rescues EVE from a dust storm and shows her a living plant he found amongst the rubble. Consistent with her "directive", EVE takes the plant and automatically enters a deactivated state except for a blinking green beacon. WALL-E, doesn\'t understand what has happened to his new friend, but, true to his love, he protects her from wind, rain, and lightning, even as she is unresponsive. One day a massive ship comes to reclaim EVE, but WALL-E, out of love or loneliness, hitches a ride on the outside of the ship to rescue EVE. The ship arrives back at a large space cruise ship, which is carrying all of the humans who evacuated Earth 700 years earlier. The people of Earth ride around this space resort on hovering chairs which give them a constant feed of TV and video chatting. They drink all of their meals through a straw out of laziness and/or bone loss, and are all so fat that they can barely move. When the auto-pilot computer, acting on hastily-given instructions sent many centuries before, tries to prevent the people of Earth from returning by stealing the plant, WALL-E, EVE, the portly captain, and a band of broken robots stage a mutiny.', 'In the distant future, humans abandon Earth because there is too much trash on it. WALL-E, with habit of picking up everything he finds interesting, lives alone on the planet with a pet cockroach. He has quite a collection of things, from lighters to a working iPod and even a small ring box (without the ring). He even has the last living plant. When a spaceship comes to earth and drops a sleek and dangerous probe EVE to look for a living plant, WALL-E falls in love with her. WALL-E gives her the plant, which makes EVE go into sleep mode. When a spaceship comes to take EVE back, WALL-E too goes with her. What follows is an adventure onboard the Axiom, where people move on hovering chairs and get liquid food which they suck up through a straw. Due to laziness, they have become so fat that they are unable to move. Due to hastily given instructions given to it, auto, the autopilot it tries to get rid of the plant which compels WALL-E, EVE, the pilot and some malfunctioning robots to find a way to retrieve the plant and save the earth.::srijanarora-152-448595', "WALL-E, short for Waste Allocation Load Lifter Earth-class, is the last robot left on Earth. He spends his days tidying up the planet, one piece of garbage at a time. But during 700 years, WALL-E has developed a personality, and he's more than a little lonely. Then he spots EVE, a sleek and shapely probe sent back to Earth on a scanning mission. Smitten WALL-E embarks on his greatest adventure yet when he follows EVE across the galaxy.::Jwelch5742", "It's late in the third millennium, and Earth has become an uninhabitable wasteland with nothing able to grow. Several hundred years earlier, a corporation called Buy-N-Large shipped all humans off the planet to live on starships, they biding their time until Earth is able to regenerate itself into an inhabitable planet. They also left WALL·E (Waste Allocation Load Lifter: Earth-Class) robots on Earth to clean up and compact all the industrial waste. Only one WALL·E remains, it which has gained emotions and the ability to feel. In order to survive emotionally, WALL·E uses whatever it can find as touchstones to past life on Earth. Despite their initial antagonistic encounter, WALL·E befriends an EVE (Extra-terrestrial Vegetation Evaluator), a droid sent from the mother ship, Axiom, as a sensor to gauge if life has regenerated on Earth. Not knowing about EVE's mission, WALL·E is surprised by EVE's interest in a small seedling WALL·E previously found and brought back to its makeshift abode. In EVE needing to take the seedling back to Axiom, WALL·E, not wanting to lose its new friend, hitches a ride as a stowaway to Axiom. A combination of WALL·E making it back to Axiom and EVE bringing back the seedling leads to a risk to both their survival, as AUTO, the automated pilot manning Axiom, has its own agenda against the recolonization of Earth.::Huggo"]
['A screenwriter develops a dangerous relationship with a faded film star determined to make a triumphant return.::Noah Orent', "In Hollywood of the 50's, the obscure screenplay writer Joe Gillis is not able to sell his work to the studios, is full of debts and is thinking in returning to his hometown to work in an office. While trying to escape from his creditors, he has a flat tire and parks his car in a decadent mansion in Sunset Boulevard. He meets the owner and former silent-movie star Norma Desmond, who lives alone with her butler and driver Max Von Mayerling. Norma is demented and believes she will return to the cinema industry, and is protected and isolated from the world by Max, who was her director and husband in the past and still loves her. Norma proposes Joe to move to the mansion and help her in writing a screenplay for her comeback to the cinema, and the small-time writer becomes her lover and gigolo. When Joe falls in love for the young aspirant writer Betty Schaefer, Norma becomes jealous and completely insane and her madness leads to a tragic end.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", 'Desperate for cash, screenwriter Joe Gillis has a chance meeting with a faded silent film star. Norma Desmond lives in her crumbling Sunset Boulevard mansion with only her butler to keep her company. She has become a sad demented recluse convinced that the outside world is clamoring for her dramatic return. Enticing him with the prospect of script work she puts him up in her mansion and he becomes ever more involved and entangled in her life.::B.A. Black', "Joe Gillis is a struggling hack B-movie Hollywood screenwriter who is having problems making ends meet, his car, a symbol to him of independence, which is threatened to be repossessed due to he being behind in payments. In eluding the repossessors, Joe stumbles onto the decaying Sunset Boulevard mansion of fifty year old faded silent movie star Norma Desmond, who has largely been forgotten by the movie going public. The only other person besides Norma living at the mansion is Norma's valet, Max, whose unofficial job is to prime Norma's fragile but larger than life ego. It is somewhat due to Max's lies about the public still clamoring for her that a delusional Norma is working toward her return to pictures in what is a vanity project. Even if her script was any good, the lead role should be filled by someone half Norma's age. Joe senses an opportunity to act as Norma's ghost writer, he only wanting to make a quick buck to pay off his creditors, not caring if the movie gets produced. In maneuvering to do the ghost writing work, Joe may be unprepared for what else Norma has in store for him in her need to be loved and wanted. As Joe gets seduced by the comfort that Norma's wealth can afford, it may be too late for him when he finally comes to the realization about what he really wants and how much he has to forgo in stoking Norma's ego.::Huggo", "In this dark film-noir tale, aging silent film queen, Norma Desmond, refuses to accept that her time in the limelight has finished - she lives as a recluse with the deranged beliefs that her stardom is as strong as ever. After meeting Joe Gillis, a young, hack screenwriter, she hires him to write a screenplay starring her as an effort to set up her comeback in film. The screenwriter believes he can manipulate her, but soon learns the difficulty of such a task. Furthermore, his ambivalence about their relationship, coupled with Norma's demented unwillingness to let go, leads to some damaging consequences for both parties involved.::Kyle Perez", 'An aging silent film queen refuses to accept that her stardom has ended. She hires a young screenwriter to help set up her movie comeback. The screenwriter believes he can manipulate her, but he soon finds out he is wrong. The screenwriters ambivalence about their relationship and her unwillingness to let go leads to a situation of violence, madness, and death.::Jwelch5742']
["On a journey to find the cure for a Tatarigami's curse, Ashitaka finds himself in the middle of a war between the forest gods and Tatara, a mining colony. In this quest he also meets San, the Mononoke Hime.::Shadowdancer21b", "While protecting his village from rampaging boar-god/demon, a confident young warrior, Ashitaka, is stricken by a deadly curse. To save his life, he must journey to the forests of the west. Once there, he's embroiled in a fierce campaign that humans were waging on the forest. The ambitious Lady Eboshi and her loyal clan use their guns against the gods of the forest and a brave young woman, Princess Mononoke, who was raised by a wolf-god. Ashitaka sees the good in both sides and tries to stem the flood of blood. This is met by animosity by both sides as they each see him as supporting the enemy.::Christopher Taguchi", 'Smitten by a fiery and destructive curse after a deadly encounter with a boar-demon, the young prince, Ashitaka, sets off on a long and perilous voyage to the Western lands to discover why Mother Nature is in disarray. Eventually, Ashitaka will reach the Iron Town, where the ambitious Lady Eboshi who rules the land with an iron fist does battle with the fearless Princess Mononoke: a mysterious young woman who was raised by the wolf-god, Moro. Will Ashitaka manage to rescue the once-lush forests of the West, and lift the curse on his arm?::Nick Riganas', 'Ashitaka is infected with an incurable disease by a possessed boar/god. He is to die unless he can find a cure to rid the curse from his body. It seems that his only hope is to travel to the far east. When he arrives to get help from the deer god, he finds himself in the middle of a battle between the animal inhabitants of the forest and an iron mining town that is exploiting and killing the forest. Leading the forest animals in the battle is a human raised by wolves, Princess Mononoke.::Doug Short <doug_short@studio.disney.com>']
['Teen Miles Morales becomes Spider-Man of his reality, crossing his path with five counterparts from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities.::Chockys', 'Miles Morales is a New York teen struggling with school, friends and, on top of that, being the new Spider-Man. When he comes across Peter Parker, the erstwhile saviour of New York, in the multiverse, Miles must train to become the new protector of his city.::Tom Daly', 'Phil Lord and Christopher Miller, the creative minds behind The Lego Movie and 21 Jump Street, bring their unique talents to a fresh vision of a different Spider-Man Universe, with a groundbreaking visual style that\'s the first of its kind. "Spider-Man(TM): Into the Spider-Verse" introduces Brooklyn teen Miles Morales (Shameik Moore), and the limitless possibilities of the Spider-Verse, where more than one can wear the mask.::Sony Pictures', 'Miles Morales is a teen from Brooklyn, struggling with own issues as he adjusts to a new school. On top of that, he must carry the mantel of being Spider-Man, as he meets various different versions of the iconic superhero in different forms, from different dimensions across the universe.::Lenareviews', "Peter Parker is the only Spider-Man, except there are other Spider-Men out there: in the multiverse known as 'The Spider-Verse'. After down-on-his-luck teenager Miles Morales gets bitten by a radioactive spider, he sees Spider-Man stop the Kingpin's dimension-crossing super-collider; only to be killed by the Kingpin afterwards. Seeing his hero die before him, Miles vows to avenge the wall-crawler and destroy the collider once and for all. Unknown to Morales, there's another Peter Parker from another dimension.::Johnny", "Miles Morales has just started at a new school and is struggling to fit in. Then he is bitten by a radioactive spider and he obtains certain powers, similar to those of Spiderman. He doesn't know what to do with the powers, or how to control them, so naturally he turns to Spider-Man for advice.::grantss"]
['An insane general triggers a path to nuclear holocaust that a War Room full of politicians and generals frantically tries to stop.', 'Paranoid Brigadier General Jack D. Ripper of Burpelson Air Force Base, believing that fluoridation of the American water supply is a Soviet plot to poison the U.S. populace, is able to deploy through a back door mechanism a nuclear attack on the Soviet Union without the knowledge of his superiors, including the Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Buck Turgidson, and President Merkin Muffley. Only Ripper knows the code to recall the B-52 bombers and he has shut down communication in and out of Burpelson as a measure to protect this attack. Ripper\'s executive officer, RAF Group Captain Lionel Mandrake (on exchange from Britain), who is being held at Burpelson by Ripper, believes he knows the recall codes if he can only get a message to the outside world. Meanwhile at the Pentagon War Room, key persons including Muffley, Turgidson and nuclear scientist and adviser, a former Nazi named Dr. Strangelove, are discussing measures to stop the attack or mitigate its blow-up into an all out nuclear war with the Soviets. Against Turgidson\'s wishes, Muffley brings Soviet Ambassador Alexi de Sadesky into the War Room, and get his boss, Soviet Premier Dimitri Kisov, on the hot line to inform him of what\'s going on. The Americans in the War Room are dismayed to learn that the Soviets have an as yet unannounced Doomsday Device to detonate if any of their key targets are hit. As Ripper, Mandrake and those in the War Room try and work the situation to their end goal, Major T.J. "King" Kong, one of the B-52 bomber pilots, is working on his own agenda of deploying his bomb where ever he can on enemy soil if he can\'t make it to his intended target.::Huggo', 'A fundamental pedantic General, evokes a huge number of optimists (politicians) to prevent his actions, by practically quarrelling with the outcome of the salted bomb that was being prepared to be dropped on the soviets, that could cause a radio active encirclement of 90 years loitering.', 'U.S. Air Force General Jack Ripper goes completely and utterly mad, and sends his bomber wing to destroy the U.S.S.R. He suspects that the communists are conspiring to pollute the "precious bodily fluids" of the American people. The U.S. president meets with his advisors, where the Soviet ambassador tells him that if the U.S.S.R. is hit by nuclear weapons, it will trigger a "Doomsday Machine" which will destroy all plant and animal life on Earth. Peter Sellers portrays the three men who might avert this tragedy: British Group Captain Lionel Mandrake, the only person with access to the demented Gen. Ripper; U.S. President Merkin Muffley, whose best attempts to divert disaster depend on placating a drunken Soviet Premier and the former Nazi genius Dr. Strangelove, who concludes that "such a device would not be a practical deterrent for reasons which at this moment must be all too obvious". Will the bombers be stopped in time, or will General Jack Ripper succeed in destroying the world ?::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', 'U.S. President Merkin Muffley is on the hot line to Moscow with some rather embarrassing news for the Soviet premier: "Hello, Dimitri....I\'m fine....Now then, you know how we\'ve always talked about the possibility of something going wrong with the bomb....The bomb, Dimitri. The hydrogen bomb....Well, now, what happened is that, uh, one of our base commanders...he went a little funny in the head....and he went and did a silly thing....He ordered his planes to attack your country." A comedy about an accidental nuclear attack? One that ends with total annihilation, thermonuclear apocalypse? Preposterous! Stanley Kubrick thought otherwise. In the end his thinking prevailed. The mad saga revolves around a psychotic Strategic Air Command officer, Gen. Jack D. Ripper, who lets loose his B-52 bomber squadron on the Soviet Union. Ripper takes this unilateral action because of his paranoid belief that Communists are sapping and contaminating "all our precious bodily fluids" as part of their plan to take over the world. Unbeknownst to Ripper, his attack will trigger the Russian\'s ultimate weapon, the Doomsday Machine, a diabolical retaliatory device set to blow up the planet.::alfiehitchie']
['After being kidnapped and imprisoned for fifteen years, Oh Dae-Su is released, only to find that he must find his captor in five days.', 'Abducted on a rainy night in 1988, the obnoxious drunk, Oh Dae-Su, much to his surprise, wakes up locked in a windowless and dilapidated hotel room, for an unknown reason. There, his invisible and pitiless captors will feed him, clothe him, and sedate him to avert a desperate suicide--and as his only companion and a window to the world is the TV in his stark cell--the only thing that helps Oh Dae-Su keep going is his daily journal. Then, unexpectedly, after fifteen long years in captivity, the perplexed prisoner is deliberately released, encouraged to track down his tormentor to finally get his retribution. However, who would hate Oh Dae-Su so much he would deny him of a quick and clean death?::Nick Riganas', 'An average man is kidnapped and imprisoned in a shabby cell for 15 years without explanation. He then is released, equipped with money, a cellphone and expensive clothes. As he strives to explain his imprisonment and get his revenge, Oh Dae-Su soon finds out that his kidnapper has a greater plan for him and is set onto a path of pain and suffering in an attempt to uncover the motive of his mysterious tormentor.::Jacksrevenge', "On the day of his daughter's birthday, Ho Dae-su gets completely drunk and is arrested. His best friend No Joo-hwan releases him from the police station, and while calling home from a phone booth, Dae-su vanishes. Indeed he has been abducted and imprisoned in a room for fifteen years. One day, he is suddenly released, receives clothes, money and a cellular and meets the Japanese chef Mido, and they feel a great attraction for each other. However, Dae-su seeks for his captor and the reason of his long imprisonment. While looking for revenge, Dae-su discloses deep secrets from the past.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil"]
['A veteran British barrister must defend his client in a murder trial that has surprise after surprise.::Kenneth Chisholm', "Britain, 1953. Upon his return to work following a heart attack, barrister takes on a murder case,. The case is defending American war vet Leonard Vole, a poor, out of work, struggling inventor who's accused of murdering his middle-aged lonely and wealthy acquaintance, Emily French. The evidence is circumstantial but points to Leonard as the murderer, butr the csse has constant revelations.::Huggo", "Ailing barrister Sir Wilfrid Robarts is thrust back into the courtroom in what becomes one of the most unusual and eventful murder case of the lawyer's career when he finds himself defending Leonard Vole, a man being tried for the murder of a wealthy woman. With Robarts choosing to represent him, the two find themselves up against Leonard's cold-hearted wife, Christine - who, in a surprising turn of events, chooses to appear in court against her husband.::Kyle Perez", "When Leonard Vole is arrested for the sensational murder of a rich, middle-aged widow, the famous Sir Wilfrid Robarts agrees to appear on his behalf. Sir Wilfrid, recovering from a near-fatal heart attack, is *supposed* to be on a diet of bland, civil suits. But the lure of the criminal courts is too much for him, especially when the case is so difficult: Vole's only alibi witness is his wife, the calm and coldly calculating Christine Vole. Sir Wilfrid's task becomes even more impossible when Christine agrees to be a witness not for the defence but for the prosecution.::A.L.Beneteau <albl@inforamp.net>", "Leonard Vole is an unemployed inventor, his latest contraption being a new-fangled egg beater. He is married but through a chance encounter, became friendly with a rich widow, Emily French. When Vole is accused of her murder, his solicitor refers the case to a brilliant barrister, Sir Wilfrid Robarts to lead the defense. Robarts believes his client to be innocent but his alibi rests on the testimony of Vole's wife, Christine. As the jury would expect a wife to defend her husband, he decides not to call her as a witness. He is surprised however when she is called as a witness for the prosecution. As luck would have it, he comes into possession of letters that seriously discredits her testimony. There is, however, a far more devious plot being hatched, one that even the great Robarts cannot fathom.::garykmcd", 'When the efficient but bitter and stubborn barrister Sir Wilfrid Robarts returns to his office in London recovering from a heart attack, he is invited to defend Leonard Stephen Vole, who is the prime suspect in a murder case. Leonard is a former soldier that fought in World War II and is married with his beloved German wife Christine Helm Vole. He is unemployed and accused of seducing and murdering the wealthy middle-aged single woman Emily French to inherit 80,000 pounds. His unique alibi would be the testimony of Christine, which would not be accepted by the court, since she is his wife. Along the trial, Christine is surprisingly called to testify in court by the prosecution, when secrets about their lives are disclosed.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
["Eight years after the Joker's reign of anarchy, Batman, with the help of the enigmatic Catwoman, is forced from his exile to save Gotham City from the brutal guerrilla terrorist Bane.::Paulrichard", "Despite his tarnished reputation after the events of The Dark Knight (2008), in which he took the rap for Dent's crimes, Batman feels compelled to intervene to assist the city and its Police force, which is struggling to cope with Bane's plans to destroy the city.::WellardRockard", "Eight years after the events of The Dark Knight (2008) find Gotham at a time of peace. This is due to Batman taking the fall for Harvey Dent's murder. However, a new evil force named Bane has arrived in Gotham and aims to take over the city and expose the truth behind who Harvey Dent really was. Now that Wayne Manor has been completely rebuilt, Bruce Wayne has become almost reclusive, rarely leaving the estate. And with Bane taking over the city by force, it forces Batman to come out of retirement. But his allies are few and far between. An elusive jewel thief by the name of Selina Kyle could be the key to stopping Bane, but whose side is she on?::halo1k", "Eight years after The Joker's Defeat and Batman took the fall for the murders committed by Harvey Dent, Gotham has a new enemy, Bane, a former member of the League of Shadows. Earlier, with Wayne Manor completely rebuilt, Bruce had become completely reclusive, rarely leaving the estate. Bane plans to continue the work of Ra's al Ghul by destroying Gotham. With allies being few and far between, Batman teams up with elusive jewel thief Selina Kyle, who may also be the key to stopping Bane. But whose side is she really on?::srijanarora-152-448595", "Batman is forced out of eight years of hiding when a ruthless mercenary called Bane takes control of Gotham's underworld, and makes plans to take over the whole city. With the help of the mysterious Selina Kyle and his butler Alfred, Bruce must protect the citizens of the beloved from their greatest threat yet.::ahmetkozan", 'From a far side of the world, a lunatic rises from the darkness, determined to annihilate the city of the Dark Knight, who has been hiding for eight years. Joining forces with old and new allies, Bruce Wayne must put his mask on one last time to finish what he had started and become a hero again.::DanEdge']
["After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to reverse Thanos' actions and restore balance to the universe.", "After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins due to the efforts of the Mad Titan, Thanos. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers must assemble once more in order to undo Thanos's actions and undo the chaos to the universe, no matter what consequences may be in store, and no matter who they face...", "The grave course of events set in motion by Thanos, that wiped out half the universe and fractured the Avengers ranks, compels the remaining Avengers to take one final stand in Marvel Studios' grand conclusion to twenty-two films - Avengers: Endgame.", 'After half of all life is snapped away by Thanos, the Avengers are left scattered and divided. Now with a way to reverse the damage, the Avengers and their allies must assemble once more and learn to put differences aside in order to work together and set things right. Along the way, the Avengers realize that sacrifices must be made as they prepare for the ultimate final showdown with Thanos, which will result in the heroes fighting the biggest battle they have ever faced.::Blazer346', "Avengers: Endgame picks up after the events of Avengers: Infinity War, which saw the Avengers divided and defeated. Thanos won the day and used the Infinity Stones to snap away half of all life in the universe. Only the original Avengers - Iron Man, Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Black Widow, and Hawkeye remain, along with some key allies like War Machine, Ant-Man, Rocket Raccoon, Nebula, and Captain Marvel. Each of the survivors deals with the fallout from Thanos' decimation in different ways, but when an opportunity presents itself to potentially save those who vanished, they all come together and set out to defeat Thanos, once and for all.::Santhosh"]
['A former Prohibition-era Jewish gangster returns to the Lower East Side of Manhattan over thirty years later, where he once again must confront the ghosts and regrets of his old life.::wsjacobs@gmail.com', 'Epic tale of a group of Jewish gangsters in New York, from childhood, through their glory years during prohibition, and their meeting again 35 years later.::Andrew Welsh <andreww@bnr.ca>', "Complex tale of the life of New York gangsters from the period of the early 1900's through prohibition, and climaxing in their subsequent reunion in the 1960's. Loyal childhood friends enter a life of crime together that inevitably leads to tragedy.::Grant Hamilton <hamilton@mis.net.au>", "Epic, episodic, tale of the lives of a small group of New York City Jewish gangsters spanning over 40 years. Told mostly in flashbacks and flash-forwards, the movie centers on small-time hood David 'Noodles' Aaronson and his lifelong partners in crime; Max, Cockeye and Patsy and their friends from growing up in the rough Jewish neighborhood of New York's Lower East Side in the 1920s, to the last years of Prohibition in the early 1930s, and then to the late 1960s where an elderly Noodles returns to New York after many years in hiding to look into the past.::Matthew Patay"]
['Ellen Ripley is rescued by a deep salvage team after being in hypersleep for 57 years. The moon that the Nostromo visited has been colonized, but contact is lost. This time, colonial marines have impressive firepower, but will that be enough?::dimakorou', "57 years after Ellen Ripley had a close encounter with the reptilian alien creature from the first movie, she is called back, this time, to help a group of highly trained colonial marines fight off against the sinister extraterrestrials. But this time, the aliens have taken over a space colony on the moon LV-426. When the colonial marines are called upon to search the deserted space colony, they later find out that they are up against more than what they bargained for. Using specially modified machine guns and enough firepower, it's either fight or die as the space marines battle against the aliens. As the Marines do their best to defend themselves, Ripley must attempt to protect a young girl who is the sole survivor of the decimated space colony.::blazesnakes9", "Ellen Ripley, the sole survivor of the alien attack on the mining ship Nostromo, awakens 57 years later when she is found by a salvage vessel. The welcome given to her by the Company officials is far from warm, since they refuse to believe her discovery of alien existence and revoke her flight officer's license. Much to her horror, Ripley also discovers that the moon LV-426 where her crew had encountered an alien species for the first time, is now colonized by the Company. But when all contact from the moon is lost, Ripley is called back into action again as an advisor to a team of tough space marines with a great deal of firepower. To get rid of her recurrent nightmares about the alien creature, Ripley prepares for a final battle with the monsters - and this time, there are hundreds of them out there.::Soumitra"]
['Two strangers find themselves linked in a bizarre way. When a connection forms, will distance be the only thing to keep them apart?::Funimation', "Mitsuha is the daughter of the mayor of a small mountain town. She's a straightforward high school girl who lives with her sister and her grandmother and has no qualms about letting it be known that she's uninterested in Shinto rituals or helping her father's electoral campaign. Instead she dreams of leaving the boring town and trying her luck in Tokyo. Taki is a high school boy in Tokyo who works part-time in an Italian restaurant and aspires to become an architect or an artist. Every night he has a strange dream where he becomes...a high school girl in a small mountain town.::Happy_Evil_Dude", "From director Makoto Shinkai, the innovative mind behind Voices of a Distant Star and 5 Centimeters Per Second, comes a beautiful masterpiece about time, the thread of fate, and the hearts of two young souls. The day the stars fell, two lives changed forever. High-schoolers Mitsuha and Taki are complete strangers living separate lives. But one night, they suddenly switch places. Mitsuha wakes up in Taki's body, and he in hers. This bizarre occurrence continues to happen randomly, and the two must adjust their lives around each other. Yet, somehow, it works. They build a connection and communicate by leaving notes, messages, and more importantly, an imprint. When a dazzling comet lights up the night's sky, something shifts, and they seek each other out wanting something more - a chance to finally meet. But try as they might, something more daunting than distance prevents them. Is the string of fate between Mitsuha and Taki strong enough to bring them together, or will forces outside their control leave them forever separated?::Funimation", "Mitsuha and Taki are complete strangers living separate lives until they suddenly switch places. Mitsuha wakes up in Taki's body, and he in hers. This occurrence happens randomly, and they must adjust their lives around each other. Yet, somehow, it works. They build a connection by leaving notes for one another until they wish to finally meet. But something stronger than distance may keep them apart.::Funimation", "This story takes place in a small mountain village in Japan. Mitsuha, a high school girl of this village, leads a dull life and yearns for living in a big city. Then someday, she has a dream of her being a boy. In that dream she is in an unfamiliar house in Tokyo and surrounded with strange friends.Though she is confused, she feels happy leading a new life here. Meanwhile, a Tokyo high school boy named Taki also has a weird dream of him being a girl in a mountain village. That's how they meet each other in their dreams.::triflercn", "A teenage boy living in Tokyo and a teenage girl living in the country experience a strange, random phenomenon. They occasionally switch bodies for a day at a time, and then can't remember what happened while they were switched. The boy eventually sets out to find the girl, but the situation may be even more peculiar than he imagined.::grantss"]
["Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer.::Disney/Pixar", "Despite his family's baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history.::Disney/Pixar", "Young Miguel simply loves music. But his family has a mysterious ban on anyone from their clan performing music. The ban dates back for many generations yet Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician just like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Longing to prove his musical talents, Miguel finds himself in the technicolor Land of the Dead. Along his way, he meets the charming trickster Hector, and together, they set out to find the real story behind his family's mysterious ban on music.::DeAlan Wilson - ComedyEcom", "The rebellious Miguel, a 12-year-old Mexican boy and hopeful musician, is unable to understand the family's continuing ban on all music, especially when his icon and the greatest guitar player to ever live, the deceased Ernesto de la Cruz, is the town's hero. However, an inadvertent mistake on the sacred Day of the Dead will magically transport Miguel to the distant and bustling Land of the Dead, where the scoundrel skeleton, Hector, will lead the way through the vibrant underworld to help the young trespasser find a missing ancestor. But can they do it before sunrise?::Nick Riganas", "An aspiring young guitar player, whose family has a classic hate for music, tries to find answers of his great Grandfather, which leads his search to his entrance to Tierra De Muertos, where all dead people get to live if they are remembered well. In there, the boy will not only discover his family's legacy, but his search will lead him to an unexpected truth in this Disney tale about love, hate, death, music, betrayal -- and most of all: Family.::Ivo Byrt"]
["A sexually frustrated suburban father has a mid-life crisis after becoming infatuated with his daughter's best friend.::ahmetkozan", "After his death sometime in his forty-third year, suburbanite Lester Burnham tells of the last few weeks of his life, during which he had no idea of his imminent passing. He is a husband to real estate agent Carolyn Burnham and father to high school student Janie Burnham. Although Lester and Carolyn once loved each other, they now merely tolerate each other. Typical wallflower Janie too hates both her parents, the three who suffer individually in silence in their home life. Janie tries to steer clear of both her parents. Carolyn, relatively new to the real estate business, wants to create the persona of success to further her career, she aspiring to the professional life of Buddy Kane, the king of the real estate business in their neighborhood. Lester merely walks mindlessly through life, including at his job in advertising. His company is downsizing, and he, like all the other employees, has to justify his position to the newly hired efficiency expert to keep his job. Things change for Lester when he falls in love at first sight with Janie's more experienced classmate, Angela Hays. Both Janie and Angela can see Lester's sexual infatuation with Angela, who courts such attention from any man as a sign that she is model material, she having once appeared in Seventeen and it a career to which she aspires. Lester's infatuation with Angela gives him a reenergized view on life, where he openly doesn't care anymore what anyone thinks about what he does, anyone except Angela. This infatuation coincides with the Fittses moving in next door: homophobic disciplinarian US Marine Colonel Frank Fitts who rules the house with a military fist (that fist being both figurative and literal), his semi-comatose wife Barbara Fitts, and their bright and quietly subversive eighteen year old son Ricky Fitts, who openly abides by his father's rules while behind the scenes lives by his own quite different perspective. Much like Lester's infatuation, Ricky immediately becomes infatuated with Janie, he who considers girls like Angela as ordinary. The entry of Angela and the Fittses into the Burnhams' lives ultimately leads to each of the players confronting what is truly in his or her heart.::Huggo", "It takes courage to openly admit that you have failed in almost every aspect of your life; and that's exactly what the unhappy advertiser and self-declared loser, Lester Burnham, does: he uninhibitedly embraces his failure as a father, as a husband, and as a professional. With Lester's high-strung wife, Carolyn, and his always sullen teenage daughter, Jane, loving to express their glaring contempt, the fond memories of a once-happy existence rapidly start to fade; however, the fragrant apparition of Angela--an off-limits object of desire--reminds Lester what life used to be, or better yet, what it can be. Now, for the first time, the unloved Lester wants out of his endless suburban slumber, thirsting for a drastic change and a superbly shameless transformation--all in the name of love, and above all, lost beauty.::Nick Riganas", "Lester and Carolyn Burnham are, on the outside, a perfect husband and wife in a perfect house in a perfect neighborhood. But inside, Lester is slipping deeper and deeper into a hopeless depression. He finally snaps when he becomes infatuated with one of his daughter's friends. Meanwhile, his daughter Jane is developing a happy friendship with a shy boy-next-door named Ricky, who lives with an abusive father.::Jessie Skinner <eietherbinge@hotmail.com>", "Lester Burnham is suffering a mid-life crisis that affects the lives of members of his family, which is made up of his super bitch of a wife, Carolyn and rebelling daughter Jane, who hates him. Carolyn is a real estate agent, a little too wrapped up in her job, who takes on an affair with business rival Buddy Kane. Meanwhile Jane seems to fall in love with Ricky Fitts, the strange boy next door, who is a drug dealer/documentarian and lives under a roof governed by a very strict marine father and a speechless mother. Lester's mid-life crisis causes him to drastically change his life around when he quits his job and works at a fast food restaurant. He starts working out to gain the attention of Angela (a friend of Jane's) who brags about her sexual exploits every weekend. Lives change and not for the best.::Mystic80", "Lester Burnham is having his mid-life crisis. He is rebelling against his bitch-on-wheels wife Carolyn and his self-absorbed uncaring daughter Jane. After attending a cheerleader competition at Jane's high school, he meets Jane's friend Angela, whom he develops an infatuation for and decides he is going to turn his life around. He quits his high paying job to work at a fast food restaurant and decides to re-live his 20s. The impact his behavior has on the others around him changes and not for the better.::Ryan Harder <hotshotharder@hotmail.com>"]
['When his secret bride is executed for assaulting an English soldier who tried to rape her, William Wallace begins a revolt against King Edward I of England.::Daniel Williamson', "William Wallace is a Scottish rebel who leads an uprising against the cruel English ruler Edward the Longshanks, who wishes to inherit the crown of Scotland for himself. When he was a young boy, William Wallace's father and brother, along with many others, lost their lives trying to free Scotland. Once he loses another of his loved ones, William Wallace begins his long quest to make Scotland free once and for all, along with the assistance of Robert the Bruce.::Anonymous", 'Tells the story of the legendary thirteenth century Scottish hero named William Wallace. Wallace rallies the Scottish against the English monarch and Edward I after he suffers a personal tragedy by English soldiers. Wallace gathers a group of amateur warriors that is stronger than any English army.::Jwelch5742', 'Around the end of the 1200s, oppressed by King Edward "Longshanks" who rules England with an iron fist, the noble and charismatic Scot of humble descent, William Wallace, leads a righteous campaign to end tyranny. In this gallant quest for freedom, the gifted strategist and mighty warrior will amass the hordes of the oppressed Scotsmen who thirst to reclaim their independence, however, the road to liberty is always drenched in blood.::Nick Riganas', "In 14th Century Scotland, William Wallace leads his people in a rebellion against the tyranny of the English King, who has given English nobility the 'Prima Nocta' - a right to take all new brides for the first night. The Scots are none too pleased with the brutal English invaders, but they lack leadership to fight back. Wallace creates a legend of himself, with his courageous defense of his people and attacks on the English.::Rob Hartill"]
['The claustrophobic world of a WWII German U-boat; boredom, filth and sheer terror.::Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>', 'It is 1942 and the German submarine fleet is heavily engaged in the so-called "Battle of the Atlantic" to harass and destroy British shipping. With better escorts of the destroyer class, however, German U-boats have begun to take heavy losses. "Das Boot" is the story of the crew of one such U-Boat, with the film examining how these submariners maintained their professionalism as soldiers and attempted to accomplish impossible missions, all the while attempting to understand and obey the ideology of the government under which they served.::Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com>', "A look at the lives of the officers and men of the U-96, a German U-boat patrolling the north Atlantic during World War II. Led by Capt.-Lt. Heinrich Lehmann-Willenbrock, the men, for the most part, are seasoned veterans of undersea duty. For the new recruits, including military journalist Lt. Werner, it's all a bit of an eye opener. The quarters are cramped with men sharing bunks - while one is on duty, the other gets sleep - and there's barely enough room for more that two men in passageways at any one time. Their trip is also marked by lengthy periods of boredom while they search for enemy shipping to attack and periods of absolute terror when they find themselves under attack by Allied naval vessels. Throughout it all, the men band together, cynical about just what they are doing but also proud of their accomplishments.::garykmcd", '1941 and the Battle of the Atlantic - German U-boats versus freighters supplying Britain - is underway. We see this struggle from the side of the crew of a German U-boat, U-96. We see the relaxation and fun in port, the boredom of patrol, the tension of stalking a convoy, and the sheer terror when they become the hunted.::grantss', 'In October 1941, the German Capt.-Lt. Henrich Lehmann-Willenbrock of the U-96 U-Boat receives the war correspondent Lt. Werner to cover the work in the submarine during their mission in the Atlantic Ocean. They sail out of the shipyard La Rochelle and along the next weeks, Werner learns the lives, loves, fear and behavior of the young crew, the veteran Captain and his officers. The skilled captain hunts British vessels to sink and dives to depths below the limit of the boat to escape from the destroyers. Near Christmas, they plan to return to La Rochelle; but out of the blue, Captain Henrich receives and order to cross the Strait of Gibraltar to go to Italy. But the captain knows how protected the area is and plans a means to lure the British Navy. Will the U-96 succeed in crossing the Strait of Gibraltar?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['Two friends are searching for their long lost companion. They revisit their college days and recall the memories of their friend who inspired them to think differently, even as the rest of the world called them "idiots".::bane', "Farhan Qureshi and Raju Rastogi want to re-unite with their fellow collegian, Rancho, after faking a stroke aboard an Air India plane, and excusing himself from his wife - trouser less - respectively. Enroute, they encounter another student, Chatur Ramalingam, now a successful businessman, who reminds them of a bet they had undertaken 10 years ago. The trio, while recollecting hilarious antics, including their run-ins with the Dean of Delhi's Imperial College of Engineering, Viru Sahastrabudhe, race to locate Rancho, at his last known address - little knowing the secret that was kept from them all this time.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)", 'Racho is an engineering student. His two friends. Farhan and Raju, Racho sees the world in a different way. Racho goes somewhere one day. And his friends find him. When Racho is found, it becomes a one of a great scientist in the world.::Luv', "3 Idiots is a Bollywood production that flashes back and forth between present day, and the characters' time in college. It starts off with old friends, Qureshi and Raju Rastogi learning that their college pal, Rancho, had finally been found. The movie follows their travels to find their long lost friend, while flashing back to the events of their school years, where they often got into amusing shenanigans involving the Dean of Delhi's Imperial College of Engineering, Viru Sahastrabudhe, and dealt with some serious events that many people encounter in every day life.::adam"]
["A cowboy doll is profoundly threatened and jealous when a new spaceman figure supplants him as top toy in a boy's room.::Kenneth Chisholm", 'A little boy named Andy loves to be in his room, playing with his toys, especially his doll named "Woody". But, what do the toys do when Andy is not with them, they come to life. Woody believes that his life (as a toy) is good. However, he must worry about Andy\'s family moving, and what Woody does not know is about Andy\'s birthday party. Woody does not realize that Andy\'s mother gave him an action figure known as Buzz Lightyear, who does not believe that he is a toy, and quickly becomes Andy\'s new favorite toy. Woody, who is now consumed with jealousy, tries to get rid of Buzz. Then, both Woody and Buzz are now lost. They must find a way to get back to Andy before he moves without them, but they will have to pass through a ruthless toy killer, Sid Phillips.::John Wiggins', "Woody, a good-hearted cowboy doll who belongs to a young boy named Andy, sees his position as Andy's favorite toy jeopardized when his mom buys him a Buzz Lightyear action figure. Even worse, the arrogant Buzz thinks he's a real spaceman on a mission to return to his home planet. When Andy's family moves to a new house, Woody and Buzz must escape the clutches of maladjusted neighbor Sid Phillips and reunite with their boy.::Jwelch5742", "Toy Story is about the 'secret life of toys' when people are not around. When Buzz Lightyear, a space-ranger, takes Woody's place as Andy's favorite toy, Woody doesn't like the situation and gets into a fight with Buzz. Accidentaly Buzz falls out the window and Woody is accused by all the other toys of having killed him. He has to go out of the house to look for him so that they can both return to Andys room. But while on the outside they get into all kind of trouble while trying to get home.::Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete", 'Imagination runs rampant when toys become mobile when not watched. Two toys, Woody and Buzz Lightyear despise each other like no other. But, when the toys are separated from their home, a truce is formed between them all in an effort to journey home.::Joshua Davis <xtnb64a@prodigy.com>', "A toy named Woody has it all. He is practically the leader in Andy's toy room, Bo Peep has the hots for him, and most importantly, he is Andy's favorite toy. But when the clocks strike Andy's birthday, a new toy arrives. Buzz Lightyear, a space cadet who thinks he is a space ranger, (not a toy in a room) instantly wins over Andy, thus becoming Andy's new treasure. But when Woody is accused of knocking Buzz out of the window, he must go into the world and find Buzz, with many delays...::neo101"]
["An executive of a shoe company becomes a victim of extortion when his chauffeur's son is kidnapped and held for ransom.::duke1029@aol.com", "A wealthy businessman is told his son has been kidnapped and he will have to pay a very large sum for him to be returned safely. It is then discovered that his son is safe at home: the kidnapper took his chauffeur's son by accident. The kidnapper says this makes no difference: pay up or the child dies. This leaves him with a moral dilemma, as he really needs the money to conclude a very important business deal.::grantss", 'Kingo Gondo, the factory manager at National Shoes, which is known for manufacturing durable but plain footwear, lives with his wife Reiko and their adolescent son Jun in a lavish house atop a hill overlooking the city of Yokohama. At 13%, he is also one of the company\'s largest shareholders, he able to acquire those shares because of Reiko\'s family\'s wealth. There is a power struggle going on within the company with some of the smaller executive shareholders wanting him to join forces with them in a coup over who they call disrespectfully "The Old Man", the company CEO, they wanting to move the company into manufacturing stylish but disposable footwear. In dismissing those executives in not wanting to go the disposable route, Gondo does not tell them or Kawanishi, his faithful assistant of ten years, that he plans his own coup in borrowing heavily to acquire enough shares to take over the company to move into the production of still durable yet modernly styled footwear. Just as he is about to purchase those shares to enact his plan, someone within his sphere of existence is kidnapped, the unknown kidnapper\'s ransom demand from him being an exorbitant sum in return for not killing the kidnap victim, and for him not to involve the police. The ransom sum would take up the entire amount that he has just borrowed, he paying it which would ruin him financially and not allow him to carry out his plan for the company. As the evidence points to the kidnapper having a personal agenda beyond just extortion, the executives who Gondo dismissed are among the suspects. As the process progresses, which eventually does include the police led by Inspector Tokura, Gondo may see his financial fortunes and his morals ebb and flow along with it.::Huggo', "An executive mortgages all he owns to stage a coup and gain control of the National Shoe Company, with the intent of keeping the company out of the hands of incompetent and greedy executives. He needs the same money, though, to pay the ransom that will possibly save a child's life. His resolution of that dilemma -- the certain loss of the company vs. the probable loss of the child -- makes for one distinct drama, and an ensuing elaborate police procedure makes for a second.::levin <levin@world.std.com>", "At a crucial point in his business life, executive Gondo learns that his son has been kidnapped and that the ransom demanded is near the amount Gondo has raised for a critical business deal. Gondo is prepared to pay the ransom - that is, until he learns that the kidnappers have mistakenly abducted not Gondo's son, but the child of Gondo's chauffeur. Now Gondo must decide whether the other man's child is equally worth saving.::Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net>"]
['An eight-year-old boy is thought to be a lazy trouble-maker, until the new art teacher has the patience and compassion to discover the real problem behind his struggles in school.::L. Hamre', "Ishaan Awasthi is an eight-year-old child whose world is filled with wonders that no one else seems to appreciate; colours, fish, dogs and kites are just not important in the world of adults, who are much more interested in things like homework, marks and neatness. And Ishaan just cannot seem to get anything right in class. When he gets into far more trouble than his parents can handle, he is packed off to a boarding school to 'be disciplined'. Things are no different at his new school, and Ishaan has to contend with the added trauma of separation from his family. One day a new art teacher bursts onto the scene, Ram Shankar Nikumbh, who infects the students with joy and optimism. He breaks all the rules of 'how things are done' by asking them to think, dream and imagine, and all the children respond with enthusiasm, all except Ishaan. Nikumbh soon realizes that Ishaan is very unhappy, and he sets out to discover why. With time, patience and care, he ultimately helps Ishaan find himself.", "Taare zameen par is a story about a child played by Darsheel Safari who suffers from dyslexia. As a result of which he is unable to cope with daily life, during his early childhood. Improvement in his life is made by teacher played by aamir khan, who explains the problem to darsheel's parents and gradually puts in efforts himself to improve life of that poor child.::muvi-fan-73", 'The Awasthi family consisting of Nandkishore, his wife, Maya and two sons, Yohan and Ishaan, all resides in a house-hold in Bombay, India. The two children attend St. Anthony\'s High School, while Yohan excels in his studies, Ishaan is the exact opposite; everything about him is negative with a record of failing twice in his third standard, the boy who hides his report card from his parents, the one who makes mischief with other students and his teachers all gives the principal a reason to throw him out. Even at home in his neighbor hood his behavior gets out of control when he gets into fights with other children. The numerous complaints from others forces his parents to enroll him into, "The New Era" boarding school in distant Panchgani but Ishaan\'s performance still does not improve and is again on the verge of being rusticated when a temporary art teacher, Ram Shankar Nikumbh is recruited. Ram believes Ishaan is suffering from dyslexia and attempt to explain to his parents and other teachers that he will work on curing the boy.::gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com)', "An art teacher, Ram Shankar Nikumbh teaches at a local boarding school and thinks that every child is special and must have his chance of enjoying his/her school days, so he breaks all the rules of 'how things are done' in the school to let his motives became successful, all the children respond to him with joy, all except a small boy named Ishaan Awasthi, of eight years old who seem to be in a different world all the time. Nikumbh soon finds out that Ishaan is unhappy about something. He attempts to help him. The questions remain will he be successful or will the errant prove dangerous for him.::gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com)", "The Mumbai-based Awasthi family consists of Nandkishore, his wife, Maya, and two sons, Yohan and Ishaan. Both sons attend St. Anthony's High School where Yohan excels in his studies, but Ishaan does the opposite, having failed in his 3rd standard twice already. His parents continue to be disappointed with his performance, and as a result he hides his report cards from them, often misses school, and keeps to himself all the time. Things get worse when he gets into disagreements and fisticuffs with other children, prompting his father to have him admitted in the New Era Boarding School in distant Panchgani. Even this re-location does not improve Ishaan performance, and the Principal decides to rusticate him. Then a temporary teacher, Ram Shankar Nikumbh is recruited. Ram meets with Ishaan and believes he has a solution that will improve the child's life - little realizing that Ishaan does not have much of a future as neither his teachers, his friends, and even his parents believe that there is any hope for him.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)"]
["The life, success and troubles of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, as told by Antonio Salieri, the contemporaneous composer who was insanely jealous of Mozart's talent and claimed to have murdered him.", "Antonio Salieri believes that Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's music is divine and miraculous. He wishes he was himself as good a musician as Mozart so that he can praise the Lord through composing. He began his career as a devout man who believes his success and talent as a composer are God's rewards for his piety. He's also content as the respected, financially well-off, court composer of Austrian Emperor Joseph II. But he's shocked to learn that Mozart is such a vulgar creature, and can't understand why God favored Mozart to be his instrument. Salieri's envy has made him an enemy of God whose greatness was evident in Mozart. He is ready to take revenge against God and Mozart for his own musical mediocrity.::Khaled Salem", "Claiming to have murdered the composer Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, the elderly Antonio Salieri recounts to a priest his dealings with the brilliant composer. Salieri was court composer to Austrian Emperor Joseph II when Mozart and he first met. The Emperor, a major patron of the arts, immediately commissioned Mozart to write an opera in German, rather than the customary Italian. Mozart is childish, arrogant, annoying and brilliant all at once and Salieri is simultaneously in awe and green with envy at his genius. Salieri uses Mozart's difficult relationship with his father and his guilt over being a bad son to drive him slightly mad and into a downward spiral of ill health, leading to his death.::garykmcd", "It is the early 19th century. An old man is thrown into an insane asylum after trying to commit suicide. He is Antonio Salieri and in the asylum he is visited by a priest, to whom he confesses that he killed Mozart. He then recounts his time as court composer to Emperor Joseph II of Austria. Mozart appears at the court and is hired by the Emperor to produce an opera. His genius is quite evident. Salieri is a devout Christian man and believes all musical talent and inspiration is given by God. Mozart's personal life and extracurricular activities appall Salieri. He cannot reconcile Mozart's talent and his lifestyle and sets out to drive him from the court. Initially his aim is to undermine him but over time his intentions turn deadlier.::grantss", "Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart is a remarkably talented young Viennese composer who unwittingly finds a fierce rival in the disciplined and determined Antonio Salieri. Resenting Mozart for both his hedonistic lifestyle and his undeniable talent, the highly religious Salieri is gradually consumed by his jealousy and becomes obsessed with Mozart's downfall, leading to a devious scheme that has dire consequences for both men.::Jwelch5742"]
["After a daring mission to rescue Han Solo from Jabba the Hutt, the Rebels dispatch to Endor to destroy the second Death Star. Meanwhile, Luke struggles to help Darth Vader back from the dark side without falling into the Emperor's trap.::Tom Benton & Travis Brainerd", 'Luke Skywalker battles Jabba the Hutt and Darth Vader to save his comrades in the Rebel Alliance and triumph over the Galactic Empire. Han Solo and Princess Leia reaffirm their love, and team with Chewbacca, Lando Calrissian, the Ewoks, and droids C-3PO and R2-D2 to aid in the disruption of the Dark Side, and the defeat of the evil emperor.::Jwelch5742', 'Emperor Palpatine, Darth Vader, and the Empire are building a new Death Star. Meanwhile, Han Solo has been imprisoned, and Luke Skywalker has sent R2-D2 and C-3PO to try and free him. Princess Leia, disguised as a bounty hunter, and Chewbacca go along as well. The final battle takes place on the Forest Moon of Endor, with its natural inhabitants, the Ewoks, lending a hand to the rebels.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', 'As the evil Emperor Palpatine oversees the construction of the new Death Star by Darth Vader and the Galactic Empire, smuggler Han Solo is rescued from the clutches of the vile gangster Jabba the Hutt by his friends, Luke Skywalker, Princess Leia, Lando Calrissian, and Chewbacca. Leaving Luke Skywalker Jedi training with Master Yoda, Solo returns to the Rebel fleet to prepare to complete his battle with the Empire. During the ensuing fighting, the newly returned Luke Skywalker is captured by Darth Vader.::James Pearce <james.pearce@cs.man.ac.uk>', 'Light-sabers sparkle, the Millennium Falcon flashes through hyperspace, and creatures from all over the galaxy defy the Galactic Empire, in this stunning third chapter of the "Star Wars" saga. As the Rebels prepare to attack Emperor Palpatine\'s awesome new Death Star, Han Solo remains imprisoned by the loathsome outlaw Jabba the Hutt, who has also captured Princess Leia. Luke Skywalker rescues his friends, but he will not be a true Jedi Knight until he confronts Darth Vader again, who has sworn to win him over to the Dark Side of the Force. With old favorites like Chewbacca, Yoda, R2-D2, C-3PO, and Lando Calrissian, plus the small, but stalwart Ewoks.::Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com>', "The Empire is more than halfway through construction of a new Death Star, almost twice as big, but more than twice as powerful. When completed, it will spell certain doom for Luke Skywalker and the rebels. Han Solo is a prisoner of crime lord Jabba the Hutt, and Princess Leia soon finds herself in the gangster's hands. Luke Skywalker, aided by C-3PO and R2-D2, makes his way into Jabba's palace, hoping to secure his friends' freedom. But Jabba has no intention of doing so, and tries to kill them all. After escaping from Jabba and the sands of Tatooine, they regroup with the rebel fleet, which is massing for an attack against the new satellite battle station at Endor. Lando Calrissian is pressed into action to lead the rebel fighter attack, while Han is put in charge of a group of soldiers to take out the shield generator protecting the Death Star. However, Luke Skywalker surrenders to Darth Vader's soldiers on Endor, and is taken in front of Vader's Master, Emperor Palpatine, on the Death Star for final corruption to the Dark Side of the Force. The fleet of Imperial Star Destroyers ambushes the rebels, cutting them off. Worse, the new Death Star begins turning its giant laser on the rebel carriers. It appears that nothing will stop the Empire's triumph, unless things start to change quickly.::medic249a2"]
['When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant.::grantss', "Six criminals, who are strangers to each other, are hired by a crime boss, Joe Cabot, to carry out a diamond robbery. Right at the outset, they are given false names with the intention that they won't get too close and will concentrate on the job instead. They are completely sure that the robbery is going to be a success. But, when the police show up right at the time and the site of the robbery, panic spreads amongst the group members, and two of them are killed in the subsequent shootout, along with a few policemen and civilians. When the remaining people assemble at the premeditated rendezvous point (a warehouse), they begin to suspect that one of them is an undercover cop.::Soumitra", 'A gang of thieves carry out an armed robbery on a diamond warehouse. The police are after them so quickly that they suspect they have a rat in their company. This film starts right before the robbery, with flashbacks to before the robbery and to the planning of the crime. We are also introduced to the main characters in flashback mode. Plenty of fast action and plenty of blood and gore.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', 'They were six strangers, assembled to pull off the perfect crime: Mr. White, a professional criminal; Mr. Orange, a young newcomer; Mr. Blonde, a trigger-happy killer; Mr. Pink, a paranoid neurotic; Mr. Brown; and Mr. Blue. Hired by mob boss Joe Cabot and given fake names so no one could identify the others, they thought there was no way their heist could have failed. But after a police ambush, killing Mr. Brown and seriously injuring Mr. Orange, the criminals return to their rendezvous point (a warehouse), and realize that one of them had to have been a police informant. But who?::movies_are_forever', 'The tale of a group of thugs who are hired to rob a diamond store. But the plan starts to fall apart when the alarm is tripped and the cops show up within moments. Of the group of men, all of whom are identified by colors, only four survive with one being seriously wounded. It is suspected that there is a police informant in the group, but no one is sure who it is.::Anonymous', 'Joe Cabot, a small-time crime boss, assembles five strangers with reputations as good thieves to steal a lot diamonds. When the police arrive at the scene before the burglars can even make their getaway, it becomes apparent that one of them is an undercover police officer.::Bug <junebug2@texas.net>']
["In Nazi-occupied France during World War II, a plan to assassinate Nazi leaders by a group of Jewish U.S. soldiers coincides with a theatre owner's vengeful plans for the same.::Brian McInnis", 'In German-occupied France, young Jewish refugee Shosanna Dreyfus witnesses the slaughter of her family by Colonel Hans Landa. Narrowly escaping with her life, she plots her revenge several years later when German war hero Fredrick Zoller takes a rapid interest in her and arranges an illustrious movie premiere at the theater she now runs. With the promise of every major Nazi officer in attendance, the event catches the attention of the "Basterds", a group of Jewish-American guerrilla soldiers led by the ruthless Lt. Aldo Raine. As the relentless executioners advance and the conspiring young girl\'s plans are set in motion, their paths will cross for a fateful evening that will shake the very annals of history.::The Massie Twins', 'During World War II a group of American soldiers are sent into Europe to kill Nazis. They\'ve become so good at it that the Germans refer to them as The Basterds. Later, they work with a British officer who was sent to formalize a plan to kill several high ranking German officers at the premiere of a movie depicting the "heroics" of a German soldier. But something goes wrong at the meeting with their contact, a German actress, all of the members of the team who speak German are killed which complicates the plans. So the leader Lt. Raine comes up with an alternative. And another complication is the screening is being moved to a small theater because the man depicted in the movie takes a liking to the owner of the theater. And unknown to them, she is a Jew whose entire family was killed by a Nazi officer, who was tasked with rounding up the Jews and is now the security officer of the screening. And also unknown is that she has her own plans.::rcs0411@yahoo.com', 'It\'s WWII, the battleground, Nazi-occupied France. The Nazis are doing whatever they need to to flush out and exterminate Jews, the most proficient and prolific of the Jew hunters being the sadistic SS Colonel Hans Landa. As such, the American military forms a unit, led by Lieutenant Aldo Raine and comprised of eight Jews, to kill as many Nazis as possible. Raine requests each of his men to bring him the scalp of at least 100 Nazis apiece. He has his own method of ensuring that those Nazis he does allow or need to let go free are scarred for life. In Paris in 1944, Joseph Goebbels, the Nazi\'s chief propaganda master and filmmaker, plans to debut his latest film, "Nation\'s Pride". The film, based on the victorious military exploits of Private Fredrick Zoller, stars Zoller as himself. Because of his attraction to its pretty proprietress Emmanuelle Mimieux, Zoller convinces Goebbels and the Nazi brass to hold the premiere at Mimieux\'s cinema. Landa is to act as chief of security for the event. When the Americans get wind of the screening and the fact that most of the Nazi highers-up will be in attendance, Raine\'s team is tasked with blowing up the cinema during the screening. They are assisted by renowned German actress, Bridget von Hammersmark, who has been working as a spy for the British. They believe luck is on their side when they learn that Hitler himself is scheduled to attend. Beyond being found out, Raine\'s team face two as of yet unknown issues. The first is Mimieux, who is really Shoshanna Dreyfus, a Jew who saw her family brutally murdered by Landa four years earlier, and who may have her own plans for Landa and the Nazis. The second is Landa, who beyond his up front mission, has another more personal mission for his life post-war unknown to anyone but himself.::Huggo', "During World War II, Lt. Aldo Raine leads his squad of Jewish-American soldiers behind enemy lines in Nazi occupied France. Their job is simple: kill the enemy. They also have a particularly violent approach to what they do scalping their victims. Soon they are known and feared throughout the German army. In Paris, Shosanna runs a cinema and through a chance meeting with a German war hero, is selected to host the premiere of one of Dr. Josef Goebbels propaganda film. With all of the German high command scheduled to attend - including Hitler, Goering and Martin Bormann - it seems like the ideal opportunity for Lt. Raine and his men to bring the war to a quick end. Shosanna, who is Jewish and whose parents and siblings were killed before her eyes, also has her own plans for the evening's festivities. When she realizes that the man who killed her family Colonel Hans Landa, known as the Jew Hunter, will also be there it makes her own plans complete.::garykmcd"]
['April 6th, 1917. As a regiment assembles to wage war deep in enemy territory, two soldiers are assigned to race against time and deliver a message that will stop 1,600 men from walking straight into a deadly trap.::vsuperkuns', 'April 1917, the Western Front. Two British soldiers are sent to deliver an urgent message to an isolated regiment. If the message is not received in time the regiment will walk into a trap and be massacred. To get to the regiment they will need to cross through enemy territory. Time is of the essence and the journey will be fraught with danger.::grantss', "April 6, 1917. On a battlefield in Northern France, Lance Corporal Tom Blake with the British Army is asked to choose one of his battalion colleagues to join him on an assignment, he choosing his best friend, Lance Corporal Will Schofield. It isn't until Blake chooses Schofield that they learn of the dangerous nature of the mission: to hand deliver a message to Colonel MacKenzie leading another nearby battalion, they having to cross no man's land to what they have been told are now the abandoned German trenches to get to MacKenzie just past the nearby town of Écoust. The message, which must reach its destination by dawn tomorrow, is for MacKenzie to abort his troop's attack then on the supposedly retreating Germans who are in reality lying in wait, the Germans having planned this deception for months. The lives of MacKenzie and his 1,600 men are at risk if the message does not make it through in time, one of those men being Blake's brother, Lt. Joseph Blake. Blake and Schofield's stories as it pertains to them as soldiers in the bigger picture of the war, as soldiers trying to stay alive, as friends, and as human beings who have their own motivations are told for as long as they are able to survive on this mission.::Huggo", "It's been already three devastating years into the costly World War I, and the Imperial German Army seems to have retreated from their position in the battle-scarred Western Front--an elaborate scheme designed to lure the Allies into a deadly trap. On April 6, 1917--with the lives of 1,600 fellow soldiers hanging by a thread--the best friends and British Army Lance Corporals, Tom Blake and Will Schofield, undertake a peril-laden mission to hand-deliver an urgent, life-saving message to Colonel MacKenzie's Second Battalion of the Devonshire line infantry regiment. With this in mind, amid the horrors of an uncannily silent no man's land, the young brothers-in-arms must traverse nine long miles of hostile enemy terrain in the French countryside, to reach the 2nd Devons in time and call off the imminent attack. Now, two ordinary troopers walk into certain death. What makes a true hero?::Nick Riganas", 'British trenches somewhere in France. World war has been going on for the third year, heroic illusions have dissipated; general mood - boredom and fatigue. Stuff the belly, sleep, return home to Christmas Eve. On another quiet day, when nothing happens, two young soldiers, Blake and Schofield, are summoned to the general, who instructs them to send an important message to Colonel MacKenzie in the Second Devonshire Battalion, whose telephone connection was cut off by the enemy.::Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com)', "During World War I, two British soldiers -- Lance Cpl. Schofield and Lance Cpl. Blake -- receive seemingly impossible orders. In a race against time, they must cross over into enemy territory to deliver a message that could potentially save 1,600 of their fellow comrades -- including Blake's own brother.::Jwelch5742"]
['Will Hunting, a janitor at M.I.T., has a gift for mathematics, but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', 'A touching tale of a wayward young man who struggles to find his identity, living in a world where he can solve any problem, except the one brewing deep within himself, until one day he meets his soul mate who opens his mind and his heart.::Dima & Danielle', 'A young adult by the name of Will Hunting has always been living in the slums. He spends his nights at bars and batting cages with his best friends. However, he has an amazing talent in Mathematics. When Will is almost sent to jail, a professor at MIT decides to bail him out under the condition that he works with him for math every week and that he visits a therapist. Little does he know that the therapist, Sean, will change his life in so many ways.::Eric', "A janitor at MIT, Will Hunting has a gift for math and chemistry that can take him light-years beyond his blue-collar roots, but he doesn't realize his potential and can't even imagine leaving his childhood Boston South End neighborhood, his construction job, or his best friend. To complicate matters, several strangers enter the equation: a brilliant math professor who discovers, even envies, Will's gifts, an empathetic shrink who identifies with Will's blue-collar roots, and a beautiful, gifted pre-med student who shows him, for the first time in his life, the possibility of love.::Damien Saunders <dvs@rainbow.net.au>", "Will Hunting is a genius who's living a rough life in South Boston, while being employed at a prestigious college in Boston, he's discovered by a Fields Medal winning Professor who eventually tries to get Will to turn his life around with the help of Sean Maguire, as Will begins to realize that there's more to himself then he thinks there is.::Ryan Harder <hotshotharder@hotmail.com>", "Will Hunting is a boy genius who was severely abused as a child and has been in trouble with the law ever since. When Will finally agrees to get counseling to keep himself out of jail and with his girlfriend, he meets Sean, the therapist who will change his life. Good Will Hunting tells the poignant story of Will and Sean's coming to terms with the blows life has dealt them and with the questions that lie in the future.::Anuja <anujav@excite.com>"]
['After discovering a mysterious artifact buried beneath the Lunar surface, mankind sets off on a quest to find its origins with help from intelligent supercomputer H.A.L. 9000.::Johnny', '"2001" is a story of evolution. Sometime in the distant past, someone or something nudged evolution by placing a monolith on Earth (presumably elsewhere throughout the universe as well). Evolution then enabled humankind to reach the moon\'s surface, where yet another monolith is found, one that signals the monolith placers that humankind has evolved that far. Now a race begins between computers (HAL) and human (Bowman) to reach the monolith placers. The winner will achieve the next step in evolution, whatever that may be.::Larry Cousins', 'A black monolith has an affect on humans, the monolith\'s effects focusing on two specific time periods. The first period is four million years ago, at the dawn of man. After the appearance of the monolith, the ape men begin to display behavior unknown before then. The second period is the near future, in the year 2001. There are five astronauts aboard Discovery One, which is on a mission to Jupiter. At the beginning of the mission, the reason for it is unknown to the five astronauts. Three of the astronauts are in hibernation at the start of the mission to preserve the manpower over its entire course, leaving mission commander Dr. Dave Bowman and Dr. Frank Poole as the two manning the spacecraft. There is another what is often considered "sixth" astronaut on board, HAL 9000 - referred to simply as Hal - the artificial intelligent computer which controls all of the craft\'s functions, including the systems keeping the three hibernating astronauts alive. Hal is made all the more astronaut-like as it is given an artificial voice, Hal and the astronauts often having conversations. A 9000 series computer is considered infallible, any error one has ever made being human caused. Ultimately, Bowman and Poole believe that Hal is malfunctioning, they are unaware that Hal\'s behavior is due to knowledge of classified information it has about events at Clavius, a lunar outpost, eighteen months earlier. However, the issue between the astronauts and Hal becomes a fight for survival. The mission in its entirety has profound consequences for the human race.::Huggo', 'This movie is concerned with intelligence as the division between animal and human, then asks a question: what is the next division? Technology is treated as irrelevant to the quest--literally serving as mere vehicles for the human crew and as a shell for the immature HAL entity. Story told as a montage of impressions, music, and impressive and careful attention to subliminal detail. A very influential film and still a class act, even after 25 years.::Robin Kenny <robink@hparc0.aus.hp.com>', "When a large black monolith is found beneath the surface of the moon, the reaction immediately is that it was intentionally buried. When the point of origin is confirmed as Jupiter, an expedition is sent in hopes of finding the source. When Dr. David Bowman discovers faults in the expeditionary spacecraft's communications system, he discovers more than he ever wanted to know.::Alexander O'Neill", 'The monoliths have been watching us. They gave humankind the evolutionary kick in the pants it needed to survive at the Dawn of Time. In 1999, humankind discovered a second monolith on the moon. Now, in the year 2001, the S.S. Discovery and its crew, Captains Dave Bowman and Frank Poole, and their onboard computer, HAL 9000, must discover what alien force is watching Earth....::Tones <tones120c@aol.com>']
['The story of a terminally ill man who wishes to live life to the fullest before the inevitable occurs, as told by his best friend.::Q. Leo Rahman', "Dr Bhaskar Bannerjee is not happy with his profession as he cant save the lives of people dying of illness due to poverty.His Dr friend Kulkarni charges huge for imaginary illness of rich and uses that money to people who cant afford treatment.Things change when Anand a cancer patients enters Bhaskar's life Anand is cheerful and believes in spreading happiness to everyone as he knows he is on last stage of cancer and has few months to live.Bhaskar and Anand bond very well Anand also gets Bhaskar's love life back on track and Bhaskar doesn't want him to loose anymore.As time passes Anand's condition starts to deteriorate and everyone around him is just hoping for a miracle.::alex.mjacko@gmail.com", 'A melodramatic tale of a man with a terminal disease. The story begins with Dr Bhaksar winning a literary prize for his book about a patient called Anand. The rest is flashback. Anand, the title character, is suffering from lymphosarcoma of the intestine. He, however appears to be cheerful on the outside and is determined to extract as much pleasure from his remaining lifespan as is possible. Dr. Bhaskar his physician tends to Anand in his last days. After Anand dies we can however still hear his voice which was recorded on a tape. Dr Bhakser writes a book on his patient and wins a literary prize for it::Anonymous', 'Dr. Prakash Kulkarni (Ramesh Deo) is a skilled doctor working to assist the poor and needy, however, there is a weakness in him, which is to over-charge his more wealthy clients, even encourage and magnify minor aches and pains, much to the dislike of his more enthical colleague Dr. Bhaskar Bannerjee (Amitabh Bachchan). It is because of his "charitable disposition" that both get to meet their new, terminally ill patient, Anand Saigal (Rajesh Khanna), who is aware that he has only a short time to live, but even during this short period he will manage to bring about positive change in the lives of both the doctors as well as the people around him.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)']
['A former police detective juggles wrestling with his personal demons and becoming obsessed with a hauntingly beautiful woman.::Noah Orent', "Following his early retirement as a detective from the San Francisco Police Department, John Ferguson - Scottie to his friends - becomes obsessed with two women in succession, those obsessions which trouble his long time friend and former fiancée, Midge Wood, a designer of women's undergarments. The first is wealthy and elegant platinum blonde Madeleine Elster, the wife of his college acquaintance Gavin Elster, who hires John to follow her in Gavin's belief that she may be a danger to herself in thinking that she has recently been possessed by the spirit of Carlotta Valdes, Madeleine's great-grandmother who she knows nothing about, but who Gavin knows committed suicide in being mentally unbalanced when she was twenty-six, Madeleine's current age. The second is Judy Barton, who John spots on the street one day. Judy is a working class girl, but what makes John obsessed with her is that, despite her working class style and her brunette hair, she is the spitting image of Madeleine, into who he tries to transform Judy. The initial question that John has is if there is some connection between Madeleine and Judy. What happens between John and individually with Madeleine and Judy is affected by the reason John took that early retirement: a recent workplace incident that showed that he is acrophobic which leads to a severe case of vertigo whenever he looks down from tall heights.::Huggo", 'John "Scottie" Ferguson is a retired San Francisco police detective who suffers from acrophobia, and Madeleine is the lady who leads him to high places. A wealthy shipbuilder who is an acquaintance from college days approaches Scottie and asks him to follow his beautiful wife, Madeleine. He fears she is going insane, maybe even contemplating suicide, as he believes she has been possessed by a dead ancestor who committed suicide. Scottie is skeptical, but agrees to the assignment after he sees the beautiful Madeleine.::filmfactsman', 'Police detective John "Scottie" Ferguson is asked by an old college friend, Gavin Elster, if he would have a look into his wife Madeleine\'s odd behavior. He\'s taken to believing that she is the reincarnation of a woman who died many years ago and is concerned about her sanity. Scottie follows her and rescues her from an apparent suicide attempt when she jumps into San Francisco bay. He gets to know her and falls in love with her. They go to an old mission church and he is unable to stop her from climbing to the top of the steeple, owing to his vertigo, where she jumps to her death. A subsequent inquiry finds that she committed suicide, but faults Scottie for not stopping her in the first place. Several months later, he meets Judy Barton, a woman who is the spitting image of Madeleine. He can\'t explain it, but she is identical to the woman who died. He tries to remake her into Madeleine\'s image by getting her to dye her hair and wear the same type of clothes. He soon begins to realize however that he has been duped, and was a pawn in a complex piece of theater that was meant to end in tragedy.::garykmcd']
['The drug-induced utopias of four Coney Island people are shattered when their addictions run deep.::someguy', "Sara Goldfarb (Ellen Burstyn) is a retired widow, living in a small apartment. She spends most of her time watching TV, especially a particular self-help show. She has delusions of rising above her current dull existence by being a guest on that show. Her son, Harry (Jared Leto) is a junkie but along with his friend Tyrone (Marlon Wayans) has visions of making it big by becoming a drug dealer. Harry's girlfriend Marion (Jennifer Connelly) could be fashion designer or artist but is swept along in Harry's drug-centric world. Meanwhile Sara has developed an addiction of her own. She desperately wants to lose weight and so goes on a crash course involving popping pills, pills which turn out to be very addictive and harmful to her mental state.::grantss", "Drugs. They consume mind, body and soul. Once you're hooked, you're hooked. Four lives. Four addicts. Four failures. Despite their aspirations of greatness, they succumb to their addictions. Watching the addicts spiral out of control, we bear witness to the dirtiest, ugliest portions of the underworld addicts reside in. It is shocking and eye-opening but demands to be seen by both addicts and non-addicts alike.::Jeff Mellinger <jmell@uclink4.berkeley.edu>", 'Requiem for a Dream exposes four paralleled individuals and their menacing addiction to heroin, cocaine, and diet pills (speed). Taking place in Brooklyn amidst the waning Coney Island, the drugs are very easily obtained and keep each main character in its cycle of dependence. The protagonist Harry Goldfarb is your typical heroin junky with an ambitious plan of "Getting off hard knocks," with help from his cocaine crazed girlfriend Marion and his long time friend Tyrone. Meanwhile his widowed mother is obsessed with the glamor of television and eventually finds her way to a dietitian who pushes her into the cycle of drug induced enslavement.::spiro muqhar', 'A film paralleling the lives of Sara Goldfarb, a lonely, TV obsessed widow, and her son Harry, his girlfriend Marion, and his drug dealer friend Tyrone. After learning that she will make an appearance on a TV game show, Sara tries to lose weight so that she can fit into her prized red dress, and becomes hooked on diet pills. Meanwhile, Harry and his friends are taking heroin and cocaine. We then witness the disasterous consequences and the downward spiral their lives take as a result of their addictions.::richie-29', "Pills and heroin offer fulfillment of the dreams of four residents of Brooklyn's Brighton Beach in the shadow of a crumbling Coney Island amusement park. Sara dreams of appearing on television wearing a red dress that's a bit snug. So she starts a diet assisted by uppers. Her son Harry, his girlfriend Marion, and his best friend Tyrone pin their hopes for money on moving up from pushing nickel bags of heroin to buying in bulk. They also deal to support their growing habits. Things are going well: Harry buys his mom a new TV, she's losing weight, she has status among her friends, Tyrone's girlfriend is cool, and the team has money in a shoe box. These dreams are addictive.::<jhailey@hotmail.com>"]
['While serving a five-year sentence for a violent crime, a 12-year-old boy sues his parents for neglect.', 'Capernaüm ("Chaos") tells the story of Zain (Zain al-Rafeea), a Lebanese boy who sues his parents for the "crime" of giving him life. The film follows Zain as he journeys from gutsy, streetwise child to hardened 12-year-old "adult" fleeing his negligent parents, surviving through his wits on the streets, where he meets Ethiopian migrant worker Rahil, who provides him with shelter and food, as Zain takes care of her baby son Yonas in return. Zain later gets jailed for committing a violent crime, and finally seeks justice in a courtroom.', 'With his family grappling with extreme poverty, forever indebted to their ruthless landlord, the sad twelve-year-old boy, Zain, is forced to fend for himself in the squalid and overcrowded slums of Beirut. Unable to save his eleven-year-old sister, Sahar, from an uneasy arrangement, Zain will soon find himself all alone in a faceless city, ending up at a small amusement park to befriend another lost soul: the Ethiopian cleaner and mother of one, Rahil. But, in this grim and hostile world, there is no room for dreamers--and as a horrifying discovery is the last straw--a rabid desire for retribution possesses Zain and his blood-thirsty knife demands justice. Who is to blame when love becomes hate, and life turns into an unendurable torment?::Nick Riganas']
['When the police in a German city are unable to catch a child-murderer, other criminals join in the manhunt.::Anonymous', "In Germany, Hans Beckert is an unknown killer of girls. He whistles Edvard Grieg's 'In The Hall of the Mountain King', from the 'Peer Gynt' Suite I Op. 46 while attracting the little girls for death. The police force pressed by the Minister give its best effort trying unsuccessfully to arrest the serial killer. The organized crime has great losses due to the intense search and siege of the police and decides to chase the murderer, with the support of the beggars association. They catch Hans and briefly judge him.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "There have been a rash of child abductions and murders in Berlin. The murderer lures the children into his confidence by candy and other such child friendly items. Everyone is on edge because the murderer has not been caught. The most substantial pieces of evidence the police have are hand written letters by the murderer which he sent to the newspaper for publication. Unknown even to himself, a blind beggar, who sold the murderer a balloon for one of the child victims, may have key information as to the murderer's identity. The murder squad's work is made even more difficult with the large number of tips they receive from the paranoid public, who are quick to accuse anyone of suspicious activity solely for their own piece of mind that someone - anyone - is apprehended for the heinous crimes. Conversely, many want to take the case into their own hands, including the town's leading criminals since the increased police presence has placed a strain on their ability to conduct criminal activity. Although they both have the same end goal of capturing the murderer, the police and the criminals seem to be working at cross purposes, which may provide an edge to the murderer in getting away.::Huggo", "In Berlin in the early 1930's, children are being lured to their death by a psychopathic killer. In the space of a year, 8 children have been murdered. The police have redoubled their efforts to find the guilty man but have yet to find him and citizens are beginning to dispense their own justice on otherwise innocent people. The heads of the city's criminal element are paying a high price due to the increased police presence and decide to find the psychopath on their own. They approach the beggars union to have their members blanket the city with spies. They're successful in finding the killer and put him on trial in their own special court but the police make progress and have their own views on how justice should be administered.::garykmcd", 'Someone is murdering children in a German town. The police are doing all they can to solve the case but, after several months, several murders and exhausting work, still have no clues. Their methods of trying to find the murderer start to adversely affect the local criminal community. Due to this, the local organised crime syndicate takes it upon themselves to find the murderer and mete out punishment.::grantss', 'A psychotic child murderer stalks a city, and despite an exhaustive investigation fueled by public hysteria and outcry, the police have been unable to find him. But the police crackdown does have one side-affect, it makes it nearly impossible for the organized criminal underground to operate. So they decide that the only way to get the police off their backs is to catch the murderer themselves. Besides, he is giving them a bad name.::Ken Yousten <kyousten@bev.net>']
['Former wrestler Mahavir Singh Phogat and his two wrestler daughters struggle towards glory at the Commonwealth Games in the face of societal oppression.::Ishaan Gulati', "Biopic of Mahavir Singh Phogat, who taught wrestling to his daughters Babita Kumari and Geeta Phogat. Geeta Phogat was India's first female wrestler to win at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, where she won the gold medal (55 kg) while her sister Babita Kumari won the silver (51 kg).::Dibyayan_Chakravorty", "Dangal is a biography of a real life patriotic fighter Mahavir Singh Phogat who raises his daughters and evolves them into World Class Fighters. The movie begins with a crochy brawl between Mahavir (Aamir Khan) and his colleague who was also former wrestler, thus embalming the terrific Dangal Theme, discovering Mahavir's past life of a Wrestler. Mahavir admires to make his dreams come true by his sons but on contrary, four daughters take birth. They come with a complaint of beating down a boy in their locality. Hence Mahavir hopes they would be future Wrestlers. So he trains his daughters Gita and Babita, thus proving they're no less than a professional male wrestler. After a long struggle, Gita enters the National level Wrestling and acquires victory. When she is up to the Internationals, she opts to get trained from the NSA(National Sports Academy) where a coach mis-trains Gita, due to which she deliberately fails every match she attempts. Her sister Babita also attains an age to get into Wresting. Now, Mahavir plans to train both by his own norms. Finally, Gita defeats an Australian Wrestler by following the predominant path of her father, not of the coach. The movie is par excellent, enridges Women Empowerment in the Nation.::Srivathsavan Iyengar", "Mahavir Singh Phogat is a former wrestling champion had to quit the sport due to his family pressure as it was not helping his family financially.He only dreams that his son should win Gold Medal for India in wrestling but back to back he has four daughter's.Mahavir feels his dream cant be complete and starts staying away from the sport,while his daughter Geeta and Babita are growing the notices that they have quality of being wrestlers and starts training them,Geeta and Babita have to get a hard training and start to dislike their father for this but they realize that their father is doing this for their betterment and take the sport seriously. Geeta soon becomes a a known wrestler in the state and wins Junior International.Geeta further has to Patiala for further training to participate in common wealth games where she has a new coach Pramod Kadam.Meanwhile Babita makes her name at Junior level.Geeta believes her coach's training is better than her father which makes Mahavir very depressed.::alex.mjacko@gmail.com"]
['When their relationship turns sour, a couple undergoes a medical procedure to have each other erased from their memories.::Sarah McAuley', 'A man, Joel Barish, heartbroken that his girlfriend Clementine underwent a procedure to erase him from her memory, decides to do the same. However, as he watches his memories of her fade away, he realizes that he still loves her, and may be too late to correct his mistake.::anonymous', "A man awakes disheveled; impulsively, he skips work, heading instead to the shore. On this chilly February day, a woman in orange, hair dyed blue, chats him up: she's Clementine, he's Joel, shy and sad; by day's end, he likes her. The next night she takes him to the frozen Charles River. After, as he drops her off, she asks to sleep at his place, and she runs up to get her toothbrush. Strange things occur: their meeting was not entirely chance, they have a history neither remembers. Our seeing how the lacunae came to be and their discovery of the memory loss take the rest of the film.::<jhailey@hotmail.com>", "Joel is stunned to discover that his girlfriend Clementine has had her memories of their tumultuous relationship erased. Out of desperation, he contracts the inventor of the process, Dr. Howard Mierzwaik, to have Clementine removed from his own memory. But as Joel's memories progressively disappear, he begins to rediscover their earlier passion. From deep within the recesses of his brain, Joel attempts to escape the procedure. As Dr. Mierzwiak and his crew chase him through the maze of his memories, it's clear that Joel just can't get her out of his head.::Focus Features", 'On a Valentine Day, Joel Barish feels the impulse of going to Montauk instead of working. After spending the cold day on the beach, he meets Clementine Kruczynski on the train station and they have a crush on each other. Joel and Clementine do not know that they were mates in the past. Joel has just erased Clementine from his memories when he found that Clementine did exactly the same, when their relationship ended. However, along his erasing process, Joel becomes astonished when he finds that he still loves Clementine and he does not want to lose her, fighting for keeping the memories of their moments together instead.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "This is the story of a guy, Joel, who discovers that his long-time girlfriend, Clementine, has undergone a psychiatrist's experimental procedure in which all of her memory of Joel is removed, after the couple has tried for years to get their relationship working fluidly. Frustrated by the idea of still being in love with a woman who doesn't remember their time together, Joel agrees to undergo the procedure as well, to erase his memories of Clementine. The film, which takes place mostly within Joel's mind, follows his memories of Clementine backwards in time as each recent memory is replaced, and the procedure then goes on to the previous one, which is likewise seen, and then erased. Once the process starts, however, Joel realizes he doesn't really want to forget Clementine, so he starts smuggling her away into parts of his memory where she doesn't belong which alters other things about his memories as well...::austin4577@aol.com"]
["Following the death of publishing tycoon Charles Foster Kane, reporters scramble to uncover the meaning of his final utterance; 'Rosebud'.::Carl Schultz", 'A group of reporters are trying to decipher the last word ever spoken by Charles Foster Kane, the millionaire newspaper tycoon: "Rosebud". The film begins with a news reel detailing Kane\'s life for the masses, and then from there, we are shown flashbacks from Kane\'s life. As the reporters investigate further, the viewers see a display of a fascinating man\'s rise to fame, and how he eventually fell off the top of the world.::Zack H.', 'The newspaper baron Charles Foster Kane, one of the richest and most powerful men in America if not the world, dies. A newspaperman digs into his past seeking the meaning of his enigmatic last word: "Rosebud." He finds evidence of a child torn away from his family to serve Mammon. Grown into manhood, Charles Foster Kane becomes a newspaperman to indulge his idealism. He marries the niece of the man who will become President of the United States, and gradually assumes more and more power while losing more and more of his soul. Kane\'s money and power does not bring him happiness, as he has lost his youthful idealism, as has the America he is a symbol for.::Jon C. Hopwood', "After his death, the life of Charles Foster Kane - newspaper magnate and all-round larger-than-life American - is told from the perspective of those who knew him. A newspaper reporter is interviewing those in Kane's life hoping to learn the meaning of Kane's last word, Rosebud. Kane was sent to a boarding school at a young age after his mother struck it rich thanks to a mining claim that was signed over to her in lieu of rent. He came into his vast fortune at the age of 25 and promptly bought a newspaper. His idea of news was to make it as much as report it and along with his good friend, Jedediah Leland, had a rollicking good time. Unsuccessful in his bid for political office, his relationships with those around him begin to deteriorate and he dies, old and alone, whispering the word Rosebud.::garykmcd", 'When a reporter is assigned to decipher newspaper magnate Charles Foster Kane\'s dying words, his investigation gradually reveals the fascinating portrait of a complex man who rose from obscurity to staggering heights. Though Kane\'s friend and colleague Jedediah Leland, and his mistress, Susan Alexander, shed fragments of light on Kane\'s life, the reporter fears he may never penetrate the mystery of the elusive man\'s final word, "Rosebud."::Jwelch5742', 'Multimillionaire newspaper tycoon Charles Foster Kane dies alone in his extravagant mansion, Xanadu, speaking a single word: "Rosebud". In an attempt to figure out the meaning of this word, a reporter tracks down the people who worked and lived with Kane; they tell their stories in a series of flashbacks that reveal much about Kane\'s life but not enough to unlock the riddle of his dying breath.::Jesse Garon <grifter@primenet.com>']
["A teacher lives a lonely life, all the while struggling over his son's custody. His life slowly gets better as he finds love and receives good news from his son, but his new luck is about to be brutally shattered by an innocent little lie.::Iris", "Lucas is a Kindergarten teacher who takes great care of his students. Unfortunately for him, young Klara has a run-away imagination and concocts a lie about her teacher. Before Lucas is even able to understand the consequences, he has become the outcast of the town. The hunt is on to prove his innocence before it's taken from him for good.::napierslogs"]
['A pragmatic U.S. Marine observes the dehumanizing effects the Vietnam War has on his fellow recruits from their brutal boot camp training to the bloody street fighting in Hue.::matt-282', 'A two-segment look at the effect of the military mindset and war itself on Vietnam era Marines. The first half follows a group of recruits in boot camp under the command of the punishing Gunnery Sergeant Hartman. The second half shows one of those recruits, Joker, covering the war as a correspondent for Stars and Stripes, focusing on the Tet offensive.::Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu>', "The lives of several young men who undergo Marine Corps basic training and are then shipped off to Vietnam. The main character is J.T. 'Joker' Davis who, along with all the other new recruits, constantly has to deal with their demanding Drill Instructor, Gny. Sgt Hartman. One recruit in particular, Leonard 'Gomer Pyle' Lawrence, is having a particularly hard time, especially after DI Hartman punishes the entire squad anytime he screws up, which is often. It all leads to tragedy. Davis makes it through and soon finds himself in Vietnam working as a combat journalist where he gets to see the horrors of war first-hand during the Tet offensive.::garykmcd", "A two-segment story that follows young men from the start of recruit training in the Marine Corps to the lethal cauldron known as Vietnam. The first segment follows Joker, Pyle and others as they progress through the hell of USMC boot-camp at the hands of the colorful, foul-mouthed Gunnery Sergeant Hartman. The second begins in Vietnam, near Hue, at the time of the Tet Offensive. Joker, along with Animal Mother, Rafterman and others, face threats such as ambush, booby traps, and Viet Cong snipers as they move through the city.::Derek O'Cain", "Full Metal Jacket begins by following the trials and tribulations of a platoon of fresh Marine Corps recruits focusing on the relationship between Gunnery Sergeant Hartman and Privates Pyle and Joker. We see Pyle grow into an instrument of death as Hartman has foreseen of all of his recruits. Through Pyle's torment and Joker's unwillingness to stand up against it the climax of part one is achieved with all three main characters deciding their fates by their action or inaction. The second chapter delves into Joker's psyche and the repeated referral to the fact that he joined the Corps to become a killer. When his mostly behind the scenes job as a combat correspondent is interfered with by the Tet offensive he is thrust into real combat and ultimately must decide if he really is a killer.::FMJ_Joker", "During the Vietnam War private 'Joker' -the narrator, a future author- and his class are put through the US Marine indoctrination and training under DI Gunnery Sergeant Hartman's verbally and physically abusive, sex-obsessed style. It's all far worse for fat simpleton Pyle, who keeps doing everything wrong, even when gentle Joker is appointed his personal tutor, until peer pressure becomes group bullying. On their last day at Paris Island, when everyone graduates, the psychological time-bomb explodes. Only intellectual Joker isn't assigned to jungle duty but as military war correspondent. He's unwilling to play the deceptive propaganda game and violence catches up even in the 'safe' city Hue.::KGF Vissers"]
["In post-war Italy, a working-class man's bicycle is stolen. He and his son set out to find it.", "Ricci, an unemployed man in the depressed post-WWII economy of Italy, gets at last a good job - for which he needs a bike - hanging up posters. But soon his bicycle is stolen. He and his son walk the streets of Rome, looking for the bicycle. Ricci finally manages to locate the thief but with no proof, he has to abandon his cause. But he and his son know perfectly well that without a bike, Ricci won't be able to keep his job.::jolusoma", "The unemployment rate is high in postwar Italy. Antonio Ricci has been workless for two years, when he at last is offered a job as a poster. There is only one condition: he must have a bike of his own. At the moment his bicycle is at the pawn-shop, but Antonio's wife Maria says they can pawn their six sheets instead. The first day at work Antonio's bicycle is stolen. A friend offers to help him search for it the next morning at Piazza Vittorio, where the street vendors sell stolen bikes. The search is unsuccessful, but Antonio and his little son Bruno don't give up. They continue to the market at Porta Portese, where Antonio happens to see the thief talking to an elderly man. As he cannot catch the thief, he instead pursues the old man, who goes into a church, where he disappears during the mass. The third time Antonio happens to see the thief, he succeeds to pursue him to his dwelling-place. A local policeman believes Antonio's story about the theft, but as he cannot find the stolen bike in the apartment, the case is dismissed. Driven into utterly despair Antonio and Bruno walk back home - back to unemployment.::Maths Jesperson {maths.jesperson1@comhem.se}", "During the hard years of poverty in post-World-War-II Rome, Antonio, a poor working-class man of a wife and a little son, is finally offered a modest job as a bill-poster with his own bicycle; a bicycle like the one Antonio was already forced to pawn. As a result, his wife, Maria, pawns the family's bed linen to redeem their bicycle, unfortunately, however, on Antonio's first day of work, the prized possession is stolen. Desperate, the ill-fated father and his boy, Bruno, will scour Rome's bustling streets on a gloomy Sunday to find the vital bicycle, but undoubtedly, this is an impossible task. Will Antonio ever get his job back?::Nick Riganas", "Antonio Ricci is only one of several men who regularly stand outside his local municipal employment office in Rome every morning hoping that there is work available, it doled out on a qualification basis. This morning, he is told there is a job for him starting tomorrow hanging posters around the city. In getting the job, he tells a white lie in that he has a bicycle, a bicycle which is a requirement for the work. In actuality, he pawned his bicycle to put food on the table for himself, his wife Maria, and their two young children. At some sacrifice, he and Maria sell some of their possessions so that Antonio can get his bicycle out of hawk. They believe it is worth it as the return in employment salary and overtime far exceeds the initial capital outlay in getting the bicycle back. On Antonio's first working day, his bicycle is stolen as he is on his ladder hanging a poster. With little help from the police who tell him all they can do is keep the bicycle's serial number on file in case it does show up, Antonio, with his friends and his older son, adolescent Bruno, by his side, go on what seems like a futile mission to locate the bicycle, which could now be anywhere in Rome. But as Antonio views the bicycle as his and his family's means of survival, he will grasp at any straw to locate the bicycle and/or the thief, who he did see, and perhaps take desperate measures in these desperate times.::Huggo"]
['A New York City advertising executive goes on the run after being mistaken for a government agent by a group of foreign spies.::Kenneth Chisholm', "Madison Avenue advertising man Roger Thornhill finds himself thrust into the world of spies when he is mistaken for a man by the name of George Kaplan. Foreign spy Philip Vandamm and his henchman Leonard try to eliminate him but when Thornhill tries to make sense of the case, he is framed for murder. Now on the run from the police, he manages to board the 20th Century Limited bound for Chicago where he meets a beautiful blond, Eve Kendall, who helps him to evade the authorities. His world is turned upside down yet again when he learns that Eve isn't the innocent bystander he thought she was. Not all is as it seems however, leading to a dramatic rescue and escape at the top of Mt. Rushmore.::garykmcd", 'Manhattan advertising executive Roger Thornhill is already having a hectic day with a jammed packed schedule for its remainder. That schedule takes a turn when he is detained during a business lunch by two men he doesn\'t know who proceed to kidnap him. Unsure why anyone would want to kidnap him, he discovers the man behind the kidnapping, a Lester Townsend, believes him to be someone named George Kaplan. Townsend wants information from Kaplan, but is prepared to kill Kaplan with or without that information, Kaplan\'s death meant to look like an accident or suicide. Thornhill is eventually able to escape from his captors. While he does connect with the authorities who do not believe his story, Thornhill subsequently has to go on the run as he becomes implicated in a murder connected to he being Kaplan. As such, Thornhill has to find out what\'s going on on his own with whatever information he has on hand, most of it gleaned during his captivity: he being able to identify Townsend, his wife, their housekeeper, and three of the thugs working for Townsend; the address of Townsend\'s mansion where he was being held captive; and Kaplan\'s recent whereabouts and future movements in what seems to be some tour of the United States, those next two locations being Chicago, Illinois and Rapid City, South Dakota. In his travels in evading both Townsend\'s people and the authorities, Thornhill gets some willing assistance from a beautiful young blonde woman he meets, industrial designer Eve Kendall, whose help is despite she knowing who he is from the newspaper reports of him being wanted for murder. They eventually fall for each other. She, however, may have some undisclosed ulterior motive for helping him. All the while, Kaplan\'s people have been and are continuing to watch the proceedings from the sidelines, what they deciding to do largely to protect "Kaplan" from being discovered by "Townsend".::Huggo', 'Middle-aged Madison Avenue advertising executive Roger O. Thornhill is mistaken for a government agent by a gang of spies. He gets involved in a series of misadventures and is pursued across the States by both the spies and the government while being helped by a beautiful blonde.::Col Needham <col@imdb.com>', 'New York City advertising executive Roger Thornhill is kidnapped by a gang of spies led by Philip Vandamm, who believe Thornhill is C.I.A. Agent George Kaplan. Thornhill escapes, but must find Kaplan in order to clear himself of a murder it is believed he committed. Following Kaplan to Chicago as a fugitive from justice, Thornhill is helped by beautiful Eve Kendall. In Chicago, she delivers a message to Kaplan that almost costs Thornhill his life when he is chased across a cornfield by a crop-dusting plane.::filmfactsman']
["In the future, a sadistic gang leader is imprisoned and volunteers for a conduct-aversion experiment, but it doesn't go as planned.::Will S", 'Protagonist Alex DeLarge is an "ultraviolent" youth in futuristic Britain. As with all luck, his eventually runs out and he\'s arrested and convicted of murder and rape. While in prison, Alex learns of an experimental program in which convicts are programmed to detest violence. If he goes through the program, his sentence will be reduced and he will be back on the streets sooner than expected. But Alex\'s ordeals are far from over once he hits the mean streets of Britain that he had a hand in creating.::Nikki Carlyle', 'In a near-futuristic society, late teen Alex DeLarge is the leader of a gang of thugs - his "droogs" - who commit acts of ultra-violence, often with sexual components, without any regard for their victims, and purely because it strikes their collective fancies. These acts are largely fueled by drug use. In addition, Alex is a lover of music, especially that of Ludwig van Beethoven, which, when he listens to it during these acts, intensifies his pleasure, and in turn inspires him to commit further such acts. He does not tolerate any challenge to his leadership by his droogs. Although the authorities in general know of Alex\'s delinquency, they have so far been unable to catch him in the act of his crimes, until one night after a sexual assault of an older woman. Alex, and Alex alone is charged, convicted and incarcerated. But Alex sees what he believes is an easy way out when the government looks for subjects to participate in a new rehabilitation therapy, the end result being release from prison after the two week therapy. The therapy ends up having consequences that Alex did not envision. The questions become how Alex will function, and how others will act toward him in his changed state.::Huggo', 'Alex DeLarge leads a gang of "droogs" that go around at night and commit crimes and ultra violence, but he soon gets caught and has to serve 14 years in prison, yet 2 years later Alex volunteers to go with a new expiriment called The "Ludavico Technique" which will cancel his prison sentence and release him as he would be cured from violent acts, but has no idea what troubles he will face now.', "In the future, the violent and psychopath delinquent Alex, leader of a gang of ultra-violent criminal teenagers who kill, steal and rape, falls into the hands of the police. Arrested, he receives the option to participate in a program developed by the government that can reduce his time in jail. Alex turns guinea pig for experiments intended to curb the destructive impulses of men and solve the society's crime problems, but ends up becoming powerless to deal with the violence that surrounds him.::MadMovieManiac", 'In a futuristic Britain, a gang of teenagers go on the rampage every night, beating and raping helpless victims. After one of the boys quells an uprising in the gang, they knock him out and leave him for the police to find. He agrees to try "aversion therapy" to shorten his jail sentence. When he is eventually released, he hates violence, but the rest of his gang members are still after him.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>']
['The Tramp cares for an abandoned child, but events put that relationship in jeopardy.::Kenneth Chisholm', 'The opening title reads: "A comedy with a smile--and perhaps a tear". As she leaves the charity hospital and passes a church wedding, Edna deposits her new baby with a pleading note in a limousine and goes off to commit suicide. The limo is stolen by thieves who dump the baby by a garbage can. Charlie the Tramp finds the baby and makes a home for him. Five years later Edna has become an opera star but does charity work for slum youngsters in hope of finding her boy. A doctor called by Edna discovers the note with the truth about the Kid and reports it to the authorities who come to take him away from Charlie. Before he arrives at the Orphan Asylum Charlie steals him back and takes him to a flophouse. The proprietor reads of a reward for the Kid and takes him to Edna. Charlie is later awakened by a kind policeman who reunites him with the Kid at Edna\'s mansion.::Ed Stephan <stephan@cc.wwu.edu>', 'A woman decides to abandon her baby in the backseat of an automobile with a handwritten note attached, beseeching the finder to care for and love the child. When the car is stolen by thieves, who discover the baby in the backseat, they subsequently leave him on the street. The child is discovered by the initially reluctant Tramp who eventually softens and comes to love him as his own. As the child grows up, both he and The Tramp must learn to navigate through a life that spawns one adventure after another.::Kyle Perez', "The unwed Mother (Purviance) leaves a charity hospital with her newborn child, disconsolately passes a church wedding, and leaves her baby in a limousine with a note. But car thieves hijack the limo and dump the baby in the garbage where he is discovered by a Tramp (Chaplin). The Tramp rescues the infant and takes him along to raise him. Five years pass. The Mother has become an opera star and does charity work in the hope of relocating her son. The Tramp has raised the kid to work a scam in tandem: the boy breaks windows by tossing rocks, and the tramp shows up immediately and offers to repair them for a fee. A doctor tips off the Mother, who has the authorities pick up the child, but the Tramp steals him back and a chase ensues. This was Chaplin's first six-reel feature; he had to hold it hostage to get the studio to pay him the 1-1/2 million he was entitled to when they tried to pay him for only a two-reeler. A 12-year-old girl named Lillita McMurray appears briefly in the film as a flirtatious angel; three years later she would become pregnant by the writer-director, and marry him at age 16."]
['Unscrupulous boxing promoters, violent bookmakers, a Russian gangster, incompetent amateur robbers and supposedly Jewish jewelers fight to track down a priceless stolen diamond.::<jgp3553@excite.com>', "Turkish and his close friend/accomplice Tommy get pulled into the world of match fixing by the notorious Brick Top. Things get complicated when the boxer they had lined up gets badly beaten by Mickey, a 'pikey' ( slang for an Irish Gypsy)- who comes into the equation after Turkish, an unlicensed boxing promoter wants to buy a caravan off the Irish Gypsies. They then try to convince Mickey not only to fight for them, but to lose for them too. Whilst all this is going on, a huge diamond heist takes place, and a fistful of motley characters enter the story, including 'Cousin Avi', 'Boris The Blade', 'Franky Four Fingers' and 'Bullet Tooth Tony'. Things go from bad to worse as it all becomes about the money, the guns, and the damned dog.::Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za>", 'Turkish, an unlicenced boxing promoter is pulled into trouble when he becomes involved in big time criminal Brick Top, who wants him to arrange a fight and fix it. Meanwhile, a diamond theft goes down but the 84 karat stone goes missing. This leads Avi, the boss who was supposed to receive the stone, to come to England to search for it, with the help of his cousin, Doug The Head and Bullet Tooth Tony. As events twist and turn, the two situations blend into one with a chain reaction of events carrying on for each and every character.::~^Æ~§íX~^Æ~']
['A silent film production company and cast make a difficult transition to sound.::Anonymous', "1927 Hollywood. Monumental Pictures' biggest stars, glamorous on-screen couple Lina Lamont and Don Lockwood, are also an off-screen couple if the trade papers and gossip columns are to be believed. Both perpetuate the public perception if only to please their adoring fans and bring people into the movie theaters. In reality, Don barely tolerates her, while Lina, despite thinking Don beneath her, simplemindedly believes what she sees on screen in order to bolster her own stardom and sense of self-importance. R.F. Simpson, Monumental's head, dismisses what he thinks is a flash in the pan: talking pictures. It isn't until The Jazz Singer (1927) becomes a bona fide hit which results in all the movie theaters installing sound equipment that R.F. knows Monumental, most specifically in the form of Don and Lina, have to jump on the talking picture bandwagon, despite no one at the studio knowing anything about the technology. Musician Cosmo Brown, Don's best friend, gets hired as Monumental's ideas man and musical director. And by this time, Don has secretly started dating Kathy Selden, a chorus girl who is trying to make it big in pictures herself. Don and Kathy's relationship is despite their less than friendly initial meeting. Cosmo and Kathy help Don, who had worked his way up through the movie ranks to stardom, try make the leap to talking picture stardom, with Kathy following along the way. However, they have to overcome the technological issues. But the bigger problem is Lina, who will do anything to ensure she also makes the successful leap into talking pictures, despite her own inabilities and at anyone and everyone else's expense if they get in her way, especially Kathy as Don's off screen girlfriend and possibly his new talking picture leading lady.::Huggo", 'Taking place during the rise of the "talkies", we meet Don Lockwood and Lina Lamont who have risen to stardom during the silent-film era of Hollywood. Beautiful, charismatic and influential, the two combine to make a great on-screen pair. The introduction of talking pictures poses a threat to the powerful duo, however, when it is discovered by audiences that Lina has an excruciatingly shrill voice. Enter young studio singer Kathy Selden, a woman who lacks the stardom of Ms. Lamont but possesses the beautiful voice of which Lina is in dire need. Can Don and Lina find a solution to Lina\'s laughably annoying voice to salvage their careers?::Kyle Perez', 'In 1927, Don Lockwood and Lina Lamont are a famous on-screen romantic pair. Lina, however, mistakes the on-screen romance for real love. Don has worked hard to get where he is today, with his former partner Cosmo. When Don and Lina\'s latest film is transformed into a musical, Don has the perfect voice for the songs. But Lina - well, even with the best efforts of a diction coach, they still decide to dub over her voice. Kathy Selden is brought in, an aspiring actress, and while she is working on the movie, Don falls in love with her. Will Kathy continue to "aspire", or will she get the break she deserves ?::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', "In 1927, the former stunt Don Lockwood becomes a successful actor with the company of his best friend Cosmo Brown forming a romantic pair with the actress Lina Lamont. In the period of transition from silent movies to talking pictures, Don accidentally meets the aspirant actress Kathy Selden while escaping from his fans and fall in love for her. Lina has troubles with the sharp tune of her voice, and Cosmo and Don decide to dub her, using Kathy's voice, to save their movie. When the jealous Lina finds out the strategy of the studio, she does not want to share the credits with Kathy and tries to force the studio to use Kathy in the shadow to dub her in other productions. But when Lina decides to speech and sing to the audience, the truth arises.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", '1927: Don Lockwood and Lina Lamont are the darlings of the silent silver screen. Offscreen, Don, aided by his happy-go-lucky friend and piano accompanist, Cosmo Brown, has to dodge Lina\'s romantic overtures, especially when he falls for chorus girl Kathy Selden. With the advent of sound in motion pictures, it is decided to turn Don and Lina\'s new film into a "talkie" and a musical at that. The only problem is Lina\'s voice, which mere words cannot describe. Thus, Kathy is brought on to dub her speaking and singing voice in secret, and Don\'s on top of the world. But then Lina finds out...::Tommy Peter']
['In 1980 Miami, a determined Cuban immigrant takes over a drug cartel and succumbs to greed.::mgx', "Tony Montana manages to leave Cuba during the Mariel exodus of 1980. He finds himself in a Florida refugee camp but his friend Manny has a way out for them: undertake a contract killing and arrangements will be made to get a green card. He's soon working for drug dealer Frank Lopez and shows his mettle when a deal with Colombian drug dealers goes bad. He also brings a new level of violence to Miami. Tony is protective of his younger sister but his mother knows what he does for a living and disowns him. Tony is impatient and wants it all however, including Frank's empire and his mistress Elvira Hancock. Once at the top however, Tony's outrageous actions make him a target and everything comes crumbling down.::garykmcd", 'Starving for a hearty slice of the exciting American Dream, the Cuban refugee and ex-convict, Tony "Scarface" Montana, winds up in the sun-drenched boulevards of President Jimmy Carter\'s Miami, after Fidel Castro\'s massive expulsion of Marielitos. There, a blood-soaked drug deal will pave the way for Tony\'s meteoric rise in the city\'s violent but lucrative cocaine scene, rapidly transforming him from a voracious dreamer into an all-powerful mega-drug lord. Now, anyone who dares to stand in the way of the cocaine king gets a lethal response from his blood-thirsty Colt AR-15. Will Tony\'s cocaine-fuelled paranoia mark the beginning of his downfall?::Nick Riganas', "When Fidel Castro opens the harbor at Mariel, Cuba, he sends 125,000 Cuban refugees to reunite with their relatives in the United States. Among all the refugees, there is one who wants it all, his name is Tony Montana. Tony and his friend Manny arrive in the United States and start in small time jobs. Soon, they are hired by Omar Suarez to pay money to a group of Colombians. When the deal goes wrong, Tony and Manny leave with the money and succeed in their job. Soon Tony meets with drug kingpin Frank Lopez and falls for his boss's girl, Elvira. Pretty soon Tony will know that those who want it all, do not last forever; that is the price of power.::Emphinix", "An update of the 1932 film, Scarface (1983) follows gangster Tony Montana and his close friend Manny Ray from their trip on the Cuban Boat Lift for refugees to their arrival in Miami. After killing a powerful Cuban figure, Montana and company gain the ability to leave their refugee camps and roam around the U.S. After unsuccessfully trying to make it legitimately in the country, Montana and Ray resort to selling cocaine to dealers around the world. Tony's rise is quick, but as he becomes more powerful, his enemies and his own paranoia begin to plague his empire.::Titan45", "When Castro opened the port at Mariel Harbor, thousands of Cubans fled to the United States. One is a young tough named Antonio (Tony) Montana, who, with his friend Manny Ray, starts in with Miami's cocaine trade. He survives attack by chainsaw after a deal goes bad, and several other attempts by other dealers to eliminate him. Eventually the grandiose Montana becomes head of a cocaine cartel. But his enemies start coming after him, and his paranoia threatens to drive Montana's empire into the ground...::Derek O'Cain"]
['A mentally unstable veteran works as a nighttime taxi driver in New York City, where the perceived decadence and sleaze fuels his urge for violent action by attempting to liberate a presidential campaign worker and an underage prostitute.::Kenneth Chisholm', "Travis Bickle is an ex-Marine and Vietnam War veteran living in New York City. As he suffers from insomnia, he spends his time working as a taxi driver at night, watching porn movies at seedy cinemas during the day, or thinking about how the world, New York in particular, has deteriorated into a cesspool. He's a loner who has strong opinions about what is right and wrong with mankind. For him, the one bright spot in New York humanity is Betsy, a worker on the presidential nomination campaign of Senator Charles Palantine. He becomes obsessed with her. After an incident with her, he believes he has to do whatever he needs to make the world a better place in his opinion. One of his priorities is to be the savior for Iris, a twelve-year-old runaway and prostitute who he believes wants out of the profession and under the thumb of her pimp and lover Matthew.::Huggo", 'The former marine Travis Bickle is insomniac and decides to work as taxi driver in the night shift. Travis is a lonely uneducated man that spends his leisure time watching porn films in the theaters. When Travis sees the gorgeous Betsy working as a volunteer in the campaign for president of Senator Charles Palantine, he has a crush on her. He invites Betsy to drink coffee with him and later he dates her. However he takes her to see a porn Swedish movie and she feels offended and leaves him. Travis unsuccessfully sends flowers for her but she rejects him. Travis meets the young prostitute Iris that is trying to flee from her pimp Sport in his taxi but Sport takes her from the car. Travis also buys several weapons from a dealer and practices shooting. When he meets Iris again, he is resolute to help her. Will Travis succeed in his intent?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'Travis Bickle is a lonely, impotent and insomniac ex-marine, who spends his nights driving his taxi throughout the shadowy streets of mid-70\'s New York City. Travis is fed up with the society he finds himself surrounded by, wishing that a "real rain will come and wash all the scum off the streets". But Travis\'s personality sees him being unable to connect with virtually anyone, until he becomes infatuated with a blonde campaign worker named Betsy and then later meets an adolescent prostitute named Iris. As Travis grows increasingly more paranoid of his situations, he begins to sees these relationships he develops as \'missions\' of which he will need to be the saviour.::Kyle Perez', "In the shadow of bustling Big Apple, Travis Bickle--a depressed former U.S. Marine and a chronically insomniac lone wolf--prowls the night streets of the metropolis' dark underbelly in his yellow cab. A nobody amid nobodies against the backdrop of an increasingly distorted perceived reality, Travis delves deeper and deeper into his world of obsession and vitriolic revulsion, as an endless string of bitter rejections from unobtainable objects of desire; condemned young souls, and even his colleagues, can only lead to a flaming manifesto of violence. Now, as Travis braces up to clean up this filthy city, his hungry and lethal weapons will become the grim messengers of truth. His truth.::Nick Riganas", 'New York City taxi driver Travis Bickle constantly, almost obsessively, reflects on the ugly corruption of life around him, and becomes increasingly disturbed over his own loneliness and alienation. In nearly every phase of his life, he remains a complete outsider, failing to make emotional contact with anyone. Unable to sleep night after night, he haunts the local pornography emporiums to find diversion, and begins desperately thinking about an escape from his depressing existence.::filmfactsman']
['Amélie is an innocent and naive girl in Paris with her own sense of justice. She decides to help those around her and, along the way, discovers love.', 'Amélie is a story about a girl named Amélie whose childhood was suppressed by her Father\'s mistaken concerns of a heart defect. With these concerns Amélie gets hardly any real life contact with other people. This leads Amélie to resort to her own fantastical world and dreams of love and beauty. She later on becomes a young woman and moves to the central part of Paris as a waitress. After finding a lost treasure belonging to the former occupant of her apartment, she decides to return it to him. After seeing his reaction and his new found perspective - she decides to devote her life to the people around her. Such as, her father who is obsessed with his garden-gnome, a failed writer, a hypochondriac, a man who stalks his ex girlfriends, the "ghost", a suppressed young soul, the love of her life and a man whose bones are as brittle as glass. But after consuming herself with these escapades - she finds out that she is disregarding her own life and damaging her quest for love. Amélie then discovers she must become more aggressive and take a hold of her life and capture the beauty of love she has always dreamed of.::spragg_s', 'Amélie is a shy waitress in a Montmartre café. After returning a long-lost childhood treasure to a former occupant of her apartment, and seeing the effect it has on him, she decides to set out on a mission to make others happy and in the meantime pursues a quirky guy who collects discarded photo booth pictures.::Anonymous', 'Amélie is looking for love, and perhaps for the meaning of life in general. We see her grow up in an original if slightly dysfunctional family. Now a waitress in central Paris, she interacts curiously with her neighbors and customers, as well as a mysterious Photomaton-image collector and one of his even more mysterious photo subjects. Little by little, Amélie realizes that the way to happiness (and yet more subtle humor) requires her to take her own initiative and reach out to others.::<xaviermartin@hotmail.com>', "Amélie tries to enrich the lives of those around her by weaving her special brand of mischievous magic. She befriends a neighbor who's a shut-in, plays pranks on another neighbor, steals a garden gnome and returns objects she collects to their rightful owners. She romantically daydreams in the café she works at and marvels at life's ironies. One day she finds a small box containing a child's mementos and decides to set about finding its rightful owner...will romance blossom for Amélie?::Mike <elwileycoyote@aol.com>", 'In 1974, in Enghien in the northern suburbs of Paris, the girl Amélie Poulain was born and raised alone by her cold hearted father and her stressed mother due to a mistake of her father\'s evaluation of her heart conditions. Her mother dies in a weird accident and when the shy and daydreamer Amélie Poulain becomes a young woman, she moves to central Paris and works as waitress in the café Deux Moulins in Montmartre. On 30 August 1997, Amélie finds a child treasure hidden behind the wall that belonged to a dweller from the 50\'s, and she decides to anonymously return it to the owner. He seeks out the man and when she witnesses his happiness, she decides to become the "godmother of the rejected", anonymously helping people that are her acquaintances using her fantasy and little tricks. She convinces her father to travel abroad using his garden gnome; she helps her neighbor that is an outcast and lonely painter and the super that misses her unfaithful husband; she also helps her hypochondriac colleague that works in the tobacco shop and the man that stalks the other waitress acting like cupid; she plays pranks to an employer that mistreats his employee with abusive relationship. When Amélie finds the album of photos of an intriguing collector that collects rejected photos in the Photomaton of the Gare de l\'Est, she seeks him out and falls in love with him. On 28 September 1997, Amélie Poulain finds love.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['The story of T.E. Lawrence, the English officer who successfully united and led the diverse, often warring, Arab tribes during World War I in order to fight the Turks.::grantss', 'Due to his knowledge of the native Bedouin tribes, British Lieutenant T.E. Lawrence is sent to Arabia to find Prince Faisal and serve as a liaison between the Arabs and the British in their fight against the Turks. With the aid of native Sherif Ali, Lawrence rebels against the orders of his superior officer and strikes out on a daring camel journey across the harsh desert to attack a well-guarded Turkish port.::Jwelch5742', 'An inordinately complex man who has been labelled everything from hero, to charlatan, to sadist, T.E. Lawrence blazed his way to glory in the Arabian desert, then sought anonymity as a common soldier under an assumed name. The story opens with the death of Lawrence in a motorcycle accident in Dorset at the age of forty-six, then flashbacks to recount his adventures: as a young intelligence officer in Cairo in 1916, he is given leave to investigate the progress of the Arab revolt against the Turks in World War I. In the desert, he organizes a guerrilla army and, for two years, leads the Arabs in harassing the Turks with desert raids, train-wrecking, and camel attacks. Eventually, he leads his army northward and helps a British General destroy the power of the Ottoman Empire.::alfiehitchie']
["The toys are mistakenly delivered to a day-care center instead of the attic right before Andy leaves for college, and it's up to Woody to convince the other toys that they weren't abandoned and to return home.::jgp3553@yahoo.com", "Woody, Buzz and the whole gang are back. As their owner Andy prepares to depart for college, his loyal toys find themselves in daycare where untamed tots with their sticky little fingers do not play nice. So, it's all for one and one for all as they join Barbie's counterpart Ken, a thespian hedgehog named Mr. Pricklepants and a pink, strawberry-scented teddy bear called Lots-o'-Huggin' Bear to plan their great escape.::Walt Disney Studios", "With their beloved Andy preparing to leave for college, Woody, Buzz Lightyear, Jessie, and the rest of the toys find themselves headed for the attic but mistakenly wind up on the curb with the trash. Woody's quick thinking saves the gang, but all but Woody end up being donated to a day-care center. Unfortunately, the uncontrollable kids do not play nice, so Woody and the gang make plans for a great escape.::Jwelch5742", "As their owner Andy begins preparing for college, Woody, Buzz and their friends feel like they need to move on as well. The toys are then mistakenly sent to a local daycare center with the intention to be played with again. But their enthusiasm is short lived when they discover the true nature of their new home which is run by the dictatorship of an evil bear named Lotso. Now it's up to Woody to rescue his friends and plan a daring escape in order to returning home before Andy is gone forever.::Blazer346", "Andy is going to college and doesn't play with his toys anymore causing Woody and the others to be donated to Sunnyside Daycare, where they discover that the place is not exactly what they dreamed it was, and will have to face many dangers to come home safely.::MadMovieManiac", 'Andy is now 17 and ready to head off to college, leaving Woody, Buzz, Jessie, and the rest of the toy-box gang to ponder their uncertain futures. When the toys are accidentally donated to the Sunnyside Daycare center they\'re initially overjoyed to once again be played with, but their enthusiasm quickly gives way to horror as they discover the true nature of the establishment under the rule of the deceptively welcoming "Lotso" Bear. Now, all of the toys must band together in one final, crazy scheme to escape their confines and return home to Andy.::The Massie Twins']
['Two grifters team up to pull off the ultimate con.::grantss', 'Johnny Hooker, a small time grifter, unknowingly steals from Doyle Lonnegan, a big time crime boss, when he pulls a standard street con. Lonnegan demands satisfaction for the insult. After his partner, Luther, is killed, Hooker flees, and seeks the help of Henry Gondorff, one of Luther\'s contacts, who is a master of the long con. Hooker wants to use Gondorff\'s expertise to take Lonnegan for an enormous sum of money to even the score, since he admits he "doesn\'t know enough about killing to kill him." They devise a complicated scheme and amass a talented group of other con artists who want their share of the reparations. The stakes are high in this game, and our heroes must not only deal with Lonnegan\'s murderous tendencies, but also other side players who want a piece of the action. To win, Hooker and Gondorff will need all their skills...and a fair amount of confidence.::headlessannie', "Following the murder of a mutual friend, aspiring con man Johnny Hooker teams up with old pro Henry Gondorff to take revenge on the ruthless crime boss responsible, Doyle Lonnegan. Hooker and Gondorff set about implementing an elaborate scheme, one so crafty that Lonnegan won't even know he's been swindled. As their big con unfolds, however, things don't go according to plan, requiring some last-minute improvisation by the undaunted duo.::Jwelch5742", 'When the gang are coming up with a way to get Lonnegan, Kid Twist mentions that Riley and Cole are the only torpedoes they know of. Then how did they know that Loretta Salino was also a torpedo after she was shot by the guy sent by Gondorff?::Frank', "Johnny Hooker is a young con-man who is being taught by Luther. One day they pull one of their con jobs and net themselves a huge roll. What they don't know is that the man they conned is the courier for a numbers runner. And it turns out that the boss, Doyle Lonigan, considers it an attack on him and orders all the people involved terminated. Hooker is shaken down by a crooked cop, Snyder, who threatens to turn him over to Lonigan unless he pays him off. Hooker pays him, he then tries to warn Luther but is too late. He then goes to see Henry Gondorf, a friend of Luther's and a one time great con-man, who has had a bit of bad luck. After hearing what happened to Luther and seeing how hungry Hooker is for payback, he assembles a gang and decides to con Lonigan. While everything seems to be going ok, there is just the problem of the hit on Hooker and Snyder, whom Hooker paid off with counterfeit money.::rcs0411@yahoo.com", "It's September, 1936. The place: Joliet, Illinois. Luther Coleman, his apprentice Johnny Hooker, and their underling Joe Erie's latest swindle has netted them $11,000, enough for an aged Luther to contemplate retiring from grifting. They are unaware however that that money belonged to ruthless racketeer Doyle Lonnegan, whose thugs kill Luther in retaliation. Before Luther's death, he suggested to Hooker that he contact Henry Gondorff, his old friend in Chicago to learn the art of the big con. Hooker does contact Gondorff, who has retired after being burned in his last big con. Gondorff decides to come out of retirement solely to help Hooker get back at Lonnegan for Luther's murder. In pulling off the big con, Gondorff and Hooker require the assistance of a number of Gondorff's old associates as well as a number of small time grifters. In the latter group includes Erie, who wants to do his small part in revenging Luther's death. Beyond Lonnegan or anyone else finding out about the con, there are many potential obstacles in pulling off the sting, such as a controlling and overly cautious Lonnegan wanting to do things his own way, and a number of people chasing after Hooker, including a crooked Joliet vice cop named Snyder, Lonnegan's lower level thugs and a hired hit man. Through the process, Hooker, who sees himself as being a wheeler dealer, may come across a better deal than that provided to him by Gondorff.::Huggo"]
['A bureaucrat tries to find a meaning in his life after he discovers he has terminal cancer.::rgoes', 'Kanji Watanabe is a civil servant. He has worked in the same department for 30 years. His life is pretty boring and monotonous, though he once used to have passion and drive. Then one day he discovers that he has stomach cancer and has less than a year to live. After the initial depression he sets about living for the first time in over 20 years. Then he realises that his limited time left is not just for living life to the full but to leave something meaningful behind...::grantss', "Kanji Watanabe is a longtime bureaucrat in a city office who, along with the rest of the office, spends his entire working life doing nothing. He learns he is dying of cancer and wants to find some meaning in his life. He finds himself unable to talk with his family, and spends a night on the town with a novelist, but that leaves him unfulfilled. He next spends time with a young woman from his office, but finally decides he can make a difference through his job... After Watanabe's death, co-workers at his funeral discuss his behavior over the last several months and debate why he suddenly became assertive in his job to promote a city park, and resolve to be more like Watanabe.::Mike Rosenlof <mrosenlof@qualcomm.com>", 'In a Post-War Tokyo, when the bureaucratic chief of department of the City Hall Kanji Watanabe (Takashi Shimura) finds that he has a terminal cancer, he decides to intensively live his last months of life. While dying, he finds the meaning of life, and fights for the construction of a playground in a poor zone of the city and the legacy of his existence.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
["In a futuristic city sharply divided between the working class and the city planners, the son of the city's mastermind falls in love with a working class prophet who predicts the coming of a savior to mediate their differences.::jgp3553@yahoo.com", 'Sometime in the future, the city of Metropolis is home to a Utopian society where its wealthy residents live a carefree life. One of those is Freder Fredersen. One day, he spots a beautiful woman with a group of children, she and the children quickly disappear. Trying to follow her, he is horrified to find an underground world of workers who apparently run the machinery that keeps the Utopian world above ground functioning. One of the few people above ground who knows about the world below is Freder\'s father, John Fredersen, who is the founder and master of Metropolis. Freder learns that the woman is called Maria, who espouses the need to join the "hands" - the workers - to the "head" - those in power above - by a mediator who will act as the "heart". Freder wants to help the plight of the workers in their struggle for a better life. But when John learns of what Maria is advocating and that Freder has joined their cause, with the assistance of an old colleague. an inventor called Rotwang, who turns out to be But their nemesis goes to works towards quashing a proposed uprising, with Maria at the centre of their plan. John, unaware that Rotwang has his own agenda., makes plans that include shutting down the machines, with the prospect of unleashing total anarchy both above and below ground.::Huggo', 'In the future, the society of Metropolis is divided in two social classes: the workers, who live in the underground below the machines level, and the dominant classes that lives in the surface. The workers are controlled by their leader Maria, who wants to find a mediator between the upper class lords and the workers, since she believes that a heart would be necessary between brains and muscles. Maria meets Freder Fredersen, the son of the Lord of Metropolis Johhan Fredersen, in a meeting of the workers, and they fall in love for each other. Meanwhile, Johhan decides that the workers are no longer necessary for Metropolis, and uses a robot pretending to be Maria to promote a revolution of the working class and eliminate them.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'The future. Metropolis is a wonderful city, high above the ground its towers stand. The people prosper, the economy is flourishing, the suspended streets are busy. But Metropolis also has a great secret, so hidden that not even Freder Fredersen, son of founder Joh Fredersen knows about it. He is spending his free time in the Eternal Gardens, when suddenly a woman shows up, with what looks like a class of children. They\'re from the City of Workers, in the depth, Freder learns. "These are your brothers", she tells the children, before she is forced to leave. Freder is so intrigued he follows them into the depth and doesn\'t like what he sees. The workers are exploited, they must do labor like robots. Freder tries to convince his father to change, while the woman tries to keep workers\' morale high by predicting a man will stand up that will mediate. Someone that will use both hands and head, someone that will be the heart.::Arnoud Tiele (imdb@tiele.nl)']
["A married couple are faced with a difficult decision - to improve the life of their child by moving to another country or to stay in Iran and look after a deteriorating parent who has Alzheimer's disease.::Anonymous", 'Nader (Payman Maadi) and Simin (Leila Hatami) argue about living abroad. Simin prefers to live abroad to provide better opportunities for their only daughter, Termeh. However, Nader refuses to go because he thinks he must stay in Iran and take care of his father (Ali-Asghar Shahbazi), who suffers from Alzheimers. However, Simin is determined to get a divorce and leave the country with her daughter.::Amin Davoodi', "When his wife Simin (Leila Hatami) leaves him, Nader ('Peyman Moadi') hires a young woman Razieh (Sareh Bayat) to take care of his suffering father (Ali-Asghar Shahbazi). But he doesn't know his new maid is not only pregnant, but also working without her unstable husband's (Shahab Hosseini) permission. Soon, Nader finds himself entangled in a web of lies manipulation and public confrontations.::Anonymous", "An Iranian couple has a tough decision to make: Simin wants the family to live abroad to better the chances in life for their only daughter, Termeh. Nader, however, insists on staying in Iran to take care of his father, who suffers from Alzheimer's disease. The argument leaves the couple but one choice: divorce. But the consequences may go far beyond anything they had ever expected...::Ali Davami", "Nader and Simin, a middle class Iranian couple with an eleven year old daughter named Termeh, are on the verge of divorce. They love each other, but Simin, with exit visas for the family only good for the next forty days, wants to leave Iran permanently to a better life especially for Termeh. Nader, however, refuses to go as his father suffers from Alzheimer's and Nader will not leave him behind despite he probably not knowing who Nader is most of the time. As such, Simin moves out of their home and back in with her own parents. Termeh, however, stays with her father as she sees this action as a way to bring her parents back together. As Nader's father requires around the clock supervision, Nader, on a suggestion from Simin about a family member of an acquaintance, hires a man named Hojjat to be his father's caregiver when he's at work during the day. However, on Hojjat's first day in this position, he can't make it. Instead, Hojjat's wife, Razieh, with their infant daughter Somayeh, shows up to do the work as they desperately need the money. A few days in with Razieh having so far done all the work for an absent Hojjat, an incident occurs between Nader and Razieh, the results from which threaten both their standing in the community. With their respective spouses and children among others thrown into the mix, each individual has made up his or her mind about what is the best thing to do for his or herself, which is often at cross purposes to the others. These decisions take into consideration justice, humanity and/or individual well-being.::Huggo"]
['Two bounty hunters with the same intentions team up to track down a Western outlaw.::<jgp3553@excite.com>', 'Manco (Clint Eastwood) is a bounty killer chasing El Indio (Gian Maria Volontè) and his gang. During his hunting, he meets Colonel Douglas Mortimer (Lee Van Cleef), another bounty killer, and they decide to make a partnership, chase the bad guys together and split the reward. During their enterprise, there will be lots of bullets and funny situations. In the end, one of the bounty hunters shows the real intention of his hunting.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['An insurance representative lets himself be talked by a seductive housewife into a murder/insurance fraud scheme that arouses the suspicion of an insurance investigator.', "In 1938, Walter Neff, an experienced salesman of the Pacific All Risk Insurance Co., meets the seductive wife of one of his clients, Phyllis Dietrichson, and they have an affair. Phyllis proposes to kill her husband to receive the proceeds of an accident insurance policy and Walter devises a scheme to receive twice the amount based on a double indemnity clause. When Mr. Dietrichson is found dead on a train track, the police accept the determination of accidental death. However, the insurance analyst and Walter's best friend Barton Keyes does not buy the story and suspects that Phyllis has murdered her husband with the help of another man.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "Walter Neff, the Pacific All Risk Insurance Company's top salesman, returns to his office late one evening, bleeding from a gunshot wound, and dictates a memo to colleague Barton Keyes. It all started the previous May, when he stopped at a client's home for a routine renewal inquiry and instead met the client's wife, Phyllis Dietrichson. She asked about buying accident insurance for her husband without his knowledge, and Neff understood that she intended to kill him. Neff and Phyllis were soon lovers, with Neff taking charge of the killing. Initially their plan went off without a hitch, but then Neff realized that he had been played and decided to do something about it.::garykmcd and Copy Editor", 'Alone in his company\'s Los Angeles offices late one evening and under some distress, insurance salesman Walter Neff dictates an inter-office memo to his colleague, claims manager Barton Keyes, about killing one of his clients, a Mr. Dietrichson. Barton suspected that Dietrichson was murdered by his wife, Phyllis Dietrichson, who was claiming the double indemnity on her husband\'s accident insurance policy. Walter met Phyllis innocently enough - he was dropping off auto insurance renewal papers for her husband - but quickly fell under her seductive charms. They were obvious to each other in their mutual attraction. After deducing that she was planning on killing her husband since she stated he was abusive and claiming the insurance moneys on a policy her husband would have no idea existed, Walter decided to go into cahoots with her so that he could help her craft and execute the "perfect" insurance policy, and plan and execute the "perfect" murder beyond Keyes\' scrutiny, leading to them living in bliss together and with money. Beyond any slip-up in the plan, Keyes and Dietrichson\'s disgruntled daughter, Phyllis\' step-daughter Lola Dietrichson, factored into their ability to pull off the plan successfully. Walter concludes his memo for its reason, which he considers more a confession.::Huggo', 'Walter Neff is an insurance salesman whose life is largely devoid of any excitement and thrill. All of that changes when he meets Phyllis Dietrichson, the callous wife of a man whom she plans to murder and cash out on his accidental death claim ("double indemnity"). When he is seduced by Dietrichson into murdering her husband, the two plot a murder scheme that will not go as planned. Suddenly, the motives of each become unclear and the plan becomes further complicated when Neff\'s boss begins to investigate the murder.::Kyle Perez', "Smooth-talking insurance salesman Walter Neff meets attractive Phyllis Dietrichson when he calls to renew her husband's automobile policy. The couple are immediately drawn to each other and an affair begins. They cook up a scheme to murder Mr. Dietrichson for life insurance money with a double indemnity clause. Unfortunately, all does not go to plan...::Col Needham <col@imdb.com>"]
['A man tries to rise in his company by letting its executives use his apartment for trysts, but complications and a romance of his own ensue.::Anonymous', "As of November 1, 1959, mild mannered C.C. Baxter has been working at Consolidated Life, an insurance company, for close to four years, and is one of close to thirty-two thousand employees located in their Manhattan head office. To distinguish himself from all the other lowly cogs in the company in the hopes of moving up the corporate ladder, he often works late, but only because he can't get into his apartment, located off of Central Park West, since he has provided it to a handful of company executives - Mssrs. Dobisch, Kirkeby, Vanderhoff and Eichelberger - on a rotating basis for their extramarital liaisons in return for a good word to the personnel director, Jeff D. Sheldrake. When Baxter is called into Sheldrake's office for the first time, he learns that it isn't just to be promoted as he expects, but also to add married Sheldrake to the list to who he will lend his apartment. What Baxter is unaware of is that Sheldrake's mistress is Fran Kubelik, an elevator girl in the building who Baxter himself fancies. In turn, Sheldrake has no idea of Baxter's own interest in Fran. And Fran, who is in love with Sheldrake, has no idea that she is only the latest in a long line of Sheldrake's mistresses, that Sheldrake has no intention of leaving his wife for her, and that the apartment belongs to Baxter, who she likes as a friend. As some of these facts come to light on Christmas Eve, one of the three makes a unilateral decision. That decision sets off a series of events over the course of the next week which makes each of the three examine what he/she really wants which in turn may be incompatible with the other two. They are helped along the way by Dobisch, Kirkeby, Vanderhoff and Eichelberger who are now feeling neglected as Baxter no longer needs their assistance in moving up, by Miss Olsen, Sheldrake's long serving secretary who was also once his mistress, and by Dr. Dreyfus, a physician and one of Baxter's many exasperated neighbors who believes Baxter is a playboy based on all the noise he hears in Baxter's apartment and the plethora of empty liquor bottles Baxter seems to be always discarding.::Huggo", "Insurance worker C.C. Baxter lends his Upper West Side apartment to company bosses to use for extramarital affairs. When his manager Mr. Sheldrake begins using Baxter's apartment in exchange for promoting him, Baxter is disappointed to learn that Sheldrake's mistress is Fran Kubelik, the elevator girl at work whom Baxter is interested in himself. Soon Baxter must decide between the girl he loves and the advancement of his career.::Jwelch5742", 'C.C. Baxter is a go-getting office worker who dreams of climbing the corporate ladder. His means of attempting to do so see him loaning his shabby little apartment to his colleagues for their romantic trysts. Things become complicated for Baxter when the woman of his affection, Fran Kubelik, just so happens to be the girlfriend of his heartless boss, Jeff Sheldrake.::Kyle Perez', "Bud Baxter (Jack Lemmon) is shrewd when it comes to advancing his career. While he might not have any exemplary skills, he does possess one thing that can give him an edge toward a promotion: an Upper West Side apartment. Because it's far away from the suburbs and close enough to their work, some of the managers at Bud's job have been giving him glowing recommendations for the shared use of the apartment to conduct their extra-marital affairs. When Bud's boss learns of this, he wants in on the action, putting Bud out of his apartment for the night but compensating him for the inconvenience. Unfortunately, Bud's date for the evening stands him up, which is made all the more surprising when he goes home and finds her unconscious in his apartment. Being the gentleman he is, Bud nurses the woman to health, spurring them both to fall in love with each other, despite the gossip at work.::Benjamin M. Weilert", "Bud Baxter is a struggling clerk in a huge New York insurance company. He's discovered a quick way to climb the corporate ladder - by lending out his apartment to the executives as a place to take their mistresses. He often has to deal with the aftermath of their visits and one night he's left with a major problem to solve.::Col Needham <col@imdb.com>"]
["Twins journey to the Middle East to discover their family history and fulfill their mother's last wishes.::Anonymous", "A mother's last wishes send twins Jeanne and Simon on a journey to the Middle East in search of their tangled roots. Adapted from Wajdi Mouawad's acclaimed play, Incendies tells the powerful and moving tale of two young adults' voyage to the core of deep-rooted hatred, never-ending wars and enduring love.::Mylène Chollet", "Canadian Nawal Marwan has just passed away. The only people at the reading of her will are her twin adult children, Jeanne and Simon Marwan, and the executor, Nawal's long time employer and friend, notary Jean Lebel. The will contains many unusual requests, the most unusual being two sealed envelopes, one to be delivered by each of the twins to their father and to their brother respectively. The unusual nature of these requests are that their father as they know passed away years earlier during the war in the Middle East (where Nawal was raised) and they have no knowledge of any other offspring. Simon sees these requests as further indication that his mother was crazy and he will have no part of any of what he sees as her unusual final requests. But Jeanne wants to respect her mother's final wishes, which means finding out who their real father is and who this unknown brother is. These tasks take Jeanne on a quest to the Middle East to trace her mother's history, of which she knows little. As Jeanne goes on her quest with what little information she has on hand, she finds a history filled with turmoil. But many who knew her mother or knew of her mother refuse to speak to Jeanne. Jeanne ultimately requires Simon's assistance who reluctantly joins her in the Middle East. But even Simon gets caught up in finding out about his father and brother when they are closer to piecing together the puzzle. Finding out about their mother's past and thus their own history may enlighten them on why Nawal was the woman that she was.::Huggo", "In Canada, the sixty-year-old immigrant secretary Nawal Marwan passes away and the notary Jean Lebel, who had been her employer and friend for seventeen years, reads her will to her twin son and daughter Simon and Jeanne Marwan, who is a mathematician. Nawal requests to be buried naked with her face down and her tomb without a gravestone; further, she leaves three sealed envelopes addressed to the twins' father that they believed had died in the Middle East; to their unknown brother; and the last one to themselves to be opened only after the delivery of the other two. Then, they may put a gravestone on her tomb. Simon is reluctant to respect his mother last wishes, but Jeanne decides to find her biological father and brother. She travels to the Middle East to track down the past life of her mother and she discovers who she was before moving to Canada. She feels disturbed with the revelations and asks Simon to come to the Middle East to assist her in her journey. Simon discovers who his father and his brother are and concludes that one plus one may be equal to one.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "Long-buried secrets are about to come to light, when the twin siblings, Jeanne and Simon, are called before a notary for the reading of their mother Nawal's will. Suddenly, Jeanne is to hand-deliver a sealed letter to the father she never knew, somewhere in the Middle East; likewise, Simon has to give an equally important message to an unknown brother the twins didn't know they had. One is determined to unearth the truth; the other is reluctant. However, a promise is a promise, and, unless the siblings travel to their mother's homeland, they will never find peace. Will Jeanne and Simon honour her dying wish and shed light on Nawal Marwan's terrifying life?::Nick Riganas"]
['Atticus Finch, a lawyer in the Depression-era South, defends a black man against an undeserved rape charge, and his children against prejudice.::Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>', 'Small-town Alabama, 1932. Atticus Finch (played by Gregory Peck) is a lawyer and a widower. He has two young children, Jem and Scout. Atticus Finch is currently defending Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman. Meanwhile, Jem and Scout are intrigued by their neighbours, the Radleys, and the mysterious, seldom-seen Boo Radley in particular.::grantss', "Based on Harper Lee's Pulitzer Prize winning book of 1961. Atticus Finch is a lawyer in the fictional town of Maycomb, a racially divided Alabama town, set in the early 1930s, and modeled after Monroeville where Harper Lee grew up. Finch agrees to defend a young black man who is accused of raping a white woman. Many of the townspeople try to get Atticus to pull out of the trial, but he decides to go ahead. How will the trial turn out - and will it effect any changes in racial attitudes in Maycomb?::Brian Daly <bd64kcmo@aol.com>", 'Through the eyes of "Scout," a feisty six-year-old tomboy, TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD carries us on an odyssey through the fires of prejudice and injustice in 1932 Alabama. Presenting her tale first as a sweetly lulling reminiscence of events from her childhood, the narrator draws us near with stories of daring neighborhood exploits by her, her brother "Jem," and their friend "Dill." Peopled with a cast of eccentrics, Maycomb, a "tired and sleepy town" modeled after Lee\'s native Monroeville, finds itself as the venue of the trial of Tom Robinson, a young black man falsely accused of raping an ignorant white woman. Atticus Finch, Scout and Jem\'s widowed father and deeply principled man, is appointed to defend Tom for whom a guilty verdict from an all-white jury is a foregone conclusion. Juxtaposed against the story of the trial, is the children\'s hit and run relationship with Boo Radley, a shut-in whom the children, and Dill\'s Aunt Rachel, suspect of insanity, and whom no one has seen in recent history. Cigar-box treasures, found in the knot hole of a tree near the ramshackle Radley house, temper the children\'s judgment of Boo. "You never know someone," Atticus tells Scout, "until you step inside their skin and walk around a little." But fear keeps them at a distance until one night, in streetlight and shadows, the children confront an evil born of ignorance and blind hatred, and must somehow find their way home.::Mark Fleetwood <mfleetwo@mail.coin.missouri.edu>', 'The place: a small town in the southern United States. The time: the early 1930s. The story: A black man is accused of raping a Caucasian woman, and an idealistic lawyer offers to defend him. As one begins observing the reasons that make his defense far from easy, it becomes evident the reason lies in that no one in this town seems willing to believe in the innocence of an accused Negro.::Brian Daly <bd64kcmo@aol.com>']
['In 1938, after his father Professor Henry Jones, Sr. goes missing while pursuing the Holy Grail, Professor Henry "Indiana" Jones, Jr. finds himself up against Adolf Hitler\'s Nazis again to stop them from obtaining its powers.::Tomius J. Barnard and assmn316', 'An art collector appeals to Indiana Jones to embark on a search for the Holy Grail. He learns that another archaeologist has disappeared while searching for the precious goblet, and the missing man is his own father, Dr. Henry Jones. The artifact is much harder to find than they expected, and its powers are too much for those impure of heart.::Jwelch5742', "Indiana Jones, famed adventurer and archaeologist acquires a diary that holds clues and a map with no names to find the mysterious Holy Grail, which was sent from his father, Dr. Henry Jones, in Italy. Upon hearing from a private collector, Walter Donovan, that the mission for the Holy Grail went astray with the disappearance of his father, Indiana Jones and museum curator Marcus Brody venture to Italy in search of Indy's father. However, upon retrieving Dr. Henry Jones in Nazi territory, the rescue mission turns into a race to find the Holy Grail before the Nazis do, who plan to use it for complete world domination for their super-race. With the diary as a vital key and the map with no names as a guide, Indiana Jones once again finds himself in another death-defying adventure of pure excitement.::commanderblue", 'After Adolf Hitler and the Nazis fail to obtain the Ark of the Covenant, Hitler orders the S.S. and Wehrmacht to go after the cup of Christ, the Holy Grail. Indiana Jones is pressed back into action after a mining magnate\'s lead researcher disappears mysteriously. The lead researcher is none other than Indy\'s dad, the feisty Professor Henry Jones. Meeting up with Dr. Elsa Schneider in Venice, Indiana and Marcus Brody discover that a second marker that reveals the location of the grail is buried in the catacombs of a converted church. Escaping from rats, fire, gunmen, and a ship\'s propeller, Indy discovers that his dad is being held in a castle on the German border with Austria. When he and Dr. Schneider reach the castle, Indy locates his father, but Elsa proves to be a turncoat, and even worse, so is the mining magnate, Walter Donovan. After Indy and Henry escape the castle, they head to Berlin to get the map and Henry\'s diary that provides critical information to those who seek the Grail. Marcus, however, is kidnapped by Nazis in Iskenderun, and Indy and Henry meet up with Sallah and start their own journey toward the "Canyon of the Crescent Moon". They run into Donovan and the Nazis, and a huge fight ensues. Will Indy obtain the Grail and gain eternal life for he and his father, giving the world a future of light, or will Adolf Hitler and the Nazis triumph and send the armies of darkness marching all over the world?::Derek O\'Cain']
['78-year-old Carl Fredricksen travels to Paradise Falls in his house equipped with balloons, inadvertently taking a young stowaway.::Anonymous Man', 'As a boy, Carl Fredricksen wanted to explore South America and find the forbidden Paradise Falls. About 64 years later he gets to begin his journey along with Boy Scout Russell by lifting his house with thousands of balloons. On their journey, they make many new friends including a talking dog, and figure out that someone has evil plans. Carl soon realizes that this evildoer is his childhood idol.', "78-year-old balloon salesman Carl Fredricksen is about to fulfill a lifelong dream. Tying thousands of balloons to his house, he flies away to the South American wilderness. But curmudgeonly Carl's worst nightmare comes true when he discovers a stowaway aboard: a Boy Scout named Russell.::Jwelch5742", 'Determined to save his home and keep the promise he made to his wife, widower Carl Fredricksen embarks on a journey to the mysterious Paradise Falls in an airship of his own invention. Along the way he meets his childhood hero, forms a bond with a boy who has an absent father, and realizes the preciousness of the life he lived as well as the one he now lives.::David J. Rizzo', "After his wife's death and an incident at home, elderly Carl Fredricksen is forced into a retirement home, but he still wants to go on the South American adventure he and his wife had planned. Ultimately, the adventure involves a flying house, a young boy, a talking dog, and a large, strange bird.::grantss", 'Little Carl Fredricksen is a dreamer who idolizes the adventurer Charles Muntz. When he meets Ellie, who also worships Muntz, they become close friends. However Charles Muntz falls into disgrace, accused of forging the skeleton of the monster of Paradise Falls. He travels in his blimp to South America to bring the monster back alive but is never seen again. Eventually Carl grows up and marries Ellie. They promise each other that they will travel together to Paradise Falls and build a house there. Many years later, Ellie dies and lonely Carl refuses to move from their home despite an offer from the owner of a construction company. When Carl accidentally hits a worker who damaged his mailbox, he is sentenced to move to a retirement home. However, he uses many balloons to float his house in order to travel to Paradise Falls. Adventure ensues.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice.::Trance', "1950's Los Angeles is the seedy backdrop for this intricate noir-ish tale of police corruption and Hollywood sleaze. Three very different cops are all after the truth, each in their own style: Ed Exley, the golden boy of the police force, willing to do almost anything to get ahead, except sell out; Bud White, ready to break the rules to seek justice, but barely able to keep his raging violence under control; and Jack Vincennes, always looking for celebrity and a quick buck until his conscience drives him to join Exley and White down the one-way path to find the truth behind the dark world of L.A. crime.::Greg Bole <bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu>", "Three policemen, each with his own motives and obsessions, tackle the corruption surrounding an unsolved murder at a downtown Los Angeles coffee shop in the early 1950s. Detective Lieutenant Exley (Guy Pearce), the son of a murdered detective, is out to avenge his father's killing. The ex-partner of Officer White (Russell Crowe), implicated in a scandal rooted out by Exley, was one of the victims. Sergeant Vincennes (Kevin Spacey) feeds classified information to a tabloid magnate (Danny DeVito).", "LA in the 50's: someone's killing imprisoned mob boss Mickey Cohen's gang. The police, led by Captain Dudley, convince wiseguys from Jersey, Cleveland, and elsewhere to go home. Rich developer, Pierce Patchett, runs a stable of high-class hookers who are ringers for movie stars. The plot to replace Cohen blindsides three plainclothes cops: White watched his father beat his mother to death then vanish, he punishes abusers with quick violence; Exley's father was a hero cop killed mysteriously, he seeks justice by the book; Vicennes, a clothes horse, consults for a Dragnet-like TV show. Will they escape corruption and murder, will they find their own morality?::<jhailey@hotmail.com>", 'Three detectives in the corrupt and brutal L.A. police force of the 1950s use differing methods to uncover a conspiracy behind the shotgun slayings of the patrons at an all-night diner in this lush tribute to tough film noir crime films. Based on the multi-layered James Ellroy novel.::Keith Loh <keith@mwg.com>']
['A group of professional bank robbers start to feel the heat from police when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist.::Daniel Jos. Leary', "Hunters and their prey--Neil and his professional criminal crew hunt to score big money targets (banks, vaults, armored cars) and are, in turn, hunted by Lt. Vincent Hanna and his team of cops in the Robbery/Homicide police division. A botched job puts Hanna onto their trail while they regroup and try to put together one last big 'retirement' score. Neil and Vincent are similar in many ways, including their troubled personal lives. At a crucial moment in his life, Neil disobeys the dictum taught to him long ago by his criminal mentor--'Never have anything in your life that you can't walk out on in thirty seconds flat, if you spot the heat coming around the corner'--as he falls in love. Thus the stage is set for the suspenseful ending....::Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu>", "Neil McCauley leads a group of professional bank robbers, taking down major scores around LA. However after their latest heist goes terribly wrong and ends up in homicide, Det. Vincent Hannah finds a clue and becomes obsessed with the case determined to stop McCauley's crew. Hannah and McCauley are competing against each other in a deadly cat-and-mouse game. Although they are on different sides of the law, they still find huge respect, recognition in each others troubled personal lives and they understand each others motivations - however this won't make them hesitate to do whatever they can to win the battle between them two in this crime saga.::Julian Olin", 'Neil McCauley is a thief... an expert thief... one of the best. His philosophy in life - become attached to nothing in life that you can\'t walk away from in 30 seconds if you spot the "Heat" around the corner. His crew of criminals is a high-tech outfit pulling off professional jobs that impress even the likes of Detective Vincent Hanna. But Hanna, a man driven through life only by his work, becomes obsessed, at the expense of his private life, with bringing McCauley down. As McCauley\'s crew prepare for the score of a lifetime, and Hanna\'s team tries to bring him in, the two find that they are challenged by the greatest minds on the opposite side of the law that either one has ever encountered.::Michael Silva <silvamd@cleo.bc.edu> updated for proper content by vedwed', "In Los Angeles, a gang of armed thieves is hitting serious targets - major banks, vaults, and armored cars. These thieves are led by arch-criminal Neal MacAuley. One of their operations, an armored-car robbery, goes bad and the armored-car guards are murdered by the gunmen - putting LAPD homicide detective Vince Hanna on the trail of the thieves. Hanna knows it will take a lot to bring these dangerous, armed thieves down, and it will end in a horrifying gun battle when the thieves try to rob a major federal bank...::Derek O'Cain"]
['King Arthur (Graham Chapman) and his Knights of the Round Table embark on a surreal, low-budget search for the Holy Grail, encountering many, very silly obstacles.::Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>', 'History is turned on its comic head when, in tenth century England, King Arthur (Graham Chapman) travels the countryside to find knights who will join him at the Round Table in Camelot. Gathering up the men is a tale in itself but after a bit of a party at Camelot, many decide to leave only to be stopped by God, who sends them on a quest: to find the Holy Grail. After a series of individual adventures, the knights are reunited but must face a wizard named Tim the Enchanter (John Cleese), killer rabbits and lessons in the use of holy hand grenades. Their quest comes to an end however when the Police intervene - just what you would expect in a Monty Python movie.::garykmcd', "The movie starts out with Arthur, King of the Britons (Graham Chapman), looking for knights to sit with him at Camelot. He finds many knights including Sir Galahad the Pure (Sir Michael Palin), Sir Launcelot the Brave (John Cleese), the quiet Sir Bedevere (Terry Jones), and Sir Robin the Not-Quite-So-Brave-as-Sir Launcelot (Eric Idle). They do not travel on horses, but pretend they do and have their servants bang coconuts to make the sound of horse's hooves. Through satire of certain events in history (witch trials, the black plague) they find Camelot, but after literally a quick song and dance they decide that they do not want to go there. While walking away, God (who seems to be grumpy, and voiced by Graham Chapman) comes to them from a cloud and tells them to find the Holy Grail. They agree and begin their search. While they search for the Grail, scenes of the knight's tales appear and why they have the name they have. Throughout their search, they meet interesting people and knights along the way. Most of the characters die; some through a killer rabbit (which they defeat with the holy hand grenade), others from not answering a question right from the bridge of Death, or die some other ridiculous way. In the end, King Arthur and Sir Bedevere are left and find the Castle Arrrghhh where the Holy Grail is. They are met by some French soldiers who taunted them earlier in this movie, so they were not able to get into the castle.::Zucco"]
['An NYPD officer tries to save his wife and several others taken hostage by German terrorists during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles.::vsuperkuns', 'NYPD cop John McClane goes on a Christmas vacation to visit his wife Holly in Los Angeles where she works for the Nakatomi Corporation. While they are at the Nakatomi headquarters for a Christmas party, a group of robbers led by Hans Gruber take control of the building and hold everyone hostage, with the exception of John, while they plan to perform a lucrative heist. Unable to escape and with no immediate police response, John is forced to take matters into his own hands.::Sam', "New York City policeman John McClane (Bruce Willis) is visiting his estranged wife (Bonnie Bedelia) and his daughter and son Christmas Eve. He joins her at a holiday party in the headquarters of the Japanese-owned business she works for. But the festivities are interrupted by a group of terrorists who take over the exclusive high-rise, and everyone in it. Very soon McClane realizes that there's no one to save the hostages -- but him.::ahmetkozan", 'John McClain, a new York City cop flys to LA to visit his wife at a Christmas party. But when twelve terrorist attack the building at the same night, McCain is the only hope of saving everybody. With nothing but a handgun and his wits he is forced to take on Hans Gruber and his fellow terrorists.::daniel lacey', 'Tough New York cop John McClane finds himself in a tight situation when an office building in Los Angeles is taken over by terrorists. Apart from himself, everyone else in the building - including his wife - is held at gunpoint while their captors spell out their demands. The F.B.I. are called in to survey the situation, but John McClane has other plans for the terrorists...::Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk>', "New York cop John McClane flies to Los Angeles on Christmas eve to spend the holidays with his family. He arrives at the Nakatomi corp. building for his wife's office party. International terrorists take over the building and hold every one as hostage to steal $600 million of bonds from the vaults of the building. Now its up to McCLane to face the terrorists and save his wife and the other hostages.::Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com>", 'In the city of Los Angeles, a Christmas party is held on the 30th floor of the Nakatomi Plaza Hotel. While the party is going on, downstairs, a band of German terrorists arrive and take the entire building hostage including its employees and attempt a huge robbery. But the only one who eludes capture is New York City Cop John McClane who launches a one man war in an attempt to stop the terrorists and save all hostages including his wife Holly.::Shaun Ouimette {xtreemshaun589@hotmail.com}', "John McClane is a cop from New York City who is on his way to Los Angeles to see his kids and his wife Holly, who moved to LA because of a job at the Nakatomi Corporation. When he arrives at Nakatomi Plaza, he meets Holly's boss Joe Takagi and her co-worker Harry Ellis. He and Holly go into a private bathroom and get into an argument. When Holly leaves to give a speech, thirteen armed terrorists lead by Hans Gruber seize control of the building and take the occupants of the 30th floor, who are the only ones left in the building, hostage. Luckily, they missed John and he has to figure out how to save the hostages before the terrorists get their way.::Ridley Lavine"]
['After finding an old rifle, a young boy joins the Soviet resistance movement against ruthless German forces and experiences the horrors of World War II.::Karl Krejci', 'The feature film directed by Elem Klimov, shot in the genre of military drama. The action takes place on the territory of Belarus in 1943. In the center of the story is a Belarusian boy, who witnesses the horrors of the Nazi punitive action, turning from a cheerful teenager into a gray-haired old man for two days.::Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com)', 'During WWII, a Belarusian boy is thrust into the atrocities of war, fighting with a hopelessly unequipped Soviet resistance movement against ruthless German forces. Witnessing scenes of abject terror and surviving horrifying situations, he loses his innocence and then his mind.::TheDistantPanic']
["The rape of a bride and the murder of her samurai husband are recalled from the perspectives of a bandit, the bride, the samurai's ghost and a woodcutter.::Eugene Kim <genekim@concentric.net>", "A priest, a woodcutter and another man are taking refuge from a rainstorm in the shell of a former gatehouse called Rashômon. The priest and the woodcutter are recounting the story of a murdered samurai whose body the woodcutter discovered three days earlier in a forest grove. Both were summoned to testify at the murder trial, the priest who ran into the samurai and his wife traveling through the forest just before the murder occurred. Three other people who testified at the trial are supposedly the only direct witnesses: a notorious bandit named Tajômaru, who allegedly murdered the samurai and raped his wife; the white veil cloaked wife of the samurai; and the samurai himself who testifies through the use of a medium. The three tell a similarly structured story - that Tajômaru kidnapped and bound the samurai so that he could rape the wife - but which ultimately contradict each other, the motivations and the actual killing being what differ. The woodcutter reveals at Rashômon that he knows more than he let on at the trial, thus bringing into question his own actions. But another discovery at Rashômon and the resulting actions from the discovery bring back into focus the woodcutter's own humanity or lack thereof.::Huggo", "Sheltering from a rainstorm in the derelict Rashomon gatehouse, a commoner wants to hear the strange story that has horrified a priest and confounded a woodcutter. They tell him about a murder inquiry at which they have just appeared as witnesses. Tajomaru (a bandit with a reputation for murder and lust) had managed to tie up a samurai and rape his wife. The woodcutter had discovered the dead body of the samurai in the forest, and the bandit was arrested the following day. But how the samurai was killed was unclear. Strangely, the three people involved all claim to be responsible. The bandit describes winning a dramatic sword fight. The distraught woman all but admits she was driven to stab her husband in desperation. Through a medium, the dead samurai claims his wife was treacherous, and that this drove him to suicide. Something has motivated at least two of them to lie, grotesquely subverting truth, justice, and decency. Even the woodcutter has not been forthright, and ironically, he feels that he too must lie. He changes his story, claims to have witnessed the crime, and gives yet another (the fourth) wild version of the samurai's death. The commoner is not fooled, and it only reinforces his cynical view of life. Then the men make a discovery, and their reactions reveal that, though there is terrible evil and mistrust in the world, there is also goodness.::billheron53", "As heavy rain pours monotonously out of a dark sky, under Kyoto's once-glorious front gate, a poor woodcutter and a faithful priest gather around a feeble campfire to share with a wet commoner their take on the mysterious murder of a valiant samurai in a lush bamboo forest, and the brutal sexual assault of his wife by the notorious bandit, Tajomaru. Before court and through a series of uncomfortable flashbacks, strikingly different points-of-view inextricably interweave with half-truths, cover-ups, and the supernatural, to further blur the lines between memory and fact. However, who is the evil-doer behind this intricate conundrum? In the end, on the basis of personal perspective, can there be an absolute truth?::Nick Riganas", "In 12th century Japan, a samurai and his wife are attacked by the notorious bandit Tajomaru, and the samurai ends up dead. Tajomaru is captured shortly afterward and is put on trial, but his story and the wife's are so completely different that a psychic is brought in to allow the murdered man to give his own testimony. He tells yet another completely different story. Finally, a woodcutter who found the body reveals that he saw the whole thing, and his version is again completely different from the others.::rmlohner", 'Rashomon (1950) is a Japanese crime drama, that is produced with both philosophical and psychological overtones. An episode (rape and murder) in a forest is reported by four witnesses, each from their own point of view. - Who is telling the truth? What is truth?::Frode S. Stringer <fstringe@direct.ca>']
['A crafty ronin comes to a town divided by two criminal gangs and decides to play them against each other to free the town.::Kenneth Chisholm', "Sanjuro, a wandering samurai enters a rural town in nineteenth century Japan. After learning from the innkeeper that the town is divided between two gangsters, he plays one side off against the other. His efforts are complicated by the arrival of the wily Unosuke, the son of one of the gangsters, who owns a revolver. Unosuke has Sanjuro beaten after he reunites an abducted woman with her husband and son, then massacres his father's opponents. During the slaughter, the samurai escapes with the help of the innkeeper; but while recuperating at a nearby temple, he learns of innkeeper's abduction by Unosuke, and returns to the town to confront him.::Bernard Keane <BKeane2@email.dot.gov.au>", 'A samurai, Sanjuro Kuwabatake, finds himself in a town run by two warlords, Ushitora and Seibei. The town is a den of inequity, not only due to the warlords and their hired thugs, but due to the hordes of gamblers that inhabit it. The samurai sets out to rid the town of all these pestilences, his plan being to play the two warlords off against each other.::grantss', 'Sanjuro Kuwabatake is a samurai without a master, drifting without any specific destination. He arrives in a small village, dominated by two lords: Seibei, who produces silk, and Ushitora, who produces sake. Both of them explore gambling, and uses fugitive gangster for the protection of their business. They are constantly fighting against each other. Sanjuro offers his service of bodyguard for both of them and waits for the best offer.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['After training with his mentor, Batman begins his fight to free crime-ridden Gotham City from corruption.::paulrichard', 'When his parents are killed, billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne relocates to Asia, where he is mentored by Henri Ducard and Ra\'s Al Ghul in how to fight evil. When learning about the plan to wipe out evil in Gotham City by Ducard, Bruce prevents this plan from getting any further and heads back to his home. Back in his original surroundings, Bruce adopts the image of a bat to strike fear into the criminals and the corrupt as the icon known as "Batman". But it doesn\'t stay quiet for long.::konstantinwe', "As a child, a young Bruce Wayne witnesses the death of his parents at the hands of a crazed criminal. As an adult, Bruce travels the world seeking the means to fight injustice. He lives amongst the boroughs of criminals and thieves in central Asia. Eventually, he meets a mysterious figure named Ra's Al Guhl and joins his gang called the League of Shadows. Using his training, he is able to defeat his trainer. Finally meeting up with his estate caretaker Alfred Pennyworth, Bruce Wayne returns to Gotham. There, he becomes the new head of Wayne Enterprises. Together, with the help of the C.E.O. of the Wayne Enterprises Applied Sciences division, a man name Lucius Fox, he dons a new persona: Batman. As Batman takes on the criminals and organized crime underworld of Gotham, a sinister new underbelly of the city is exposed, and a new class of criminal is born. Will Batman be the one to stop them all, or does Gotham need a hero with a face?::halo1k", "Bruce Wayne, who experiences the death of his parents at a very young age, relocates to Asia and trains with his mentors, Henri Ducard and Ra's Al Ghul in fighting injustice. He returns to a crime-ridden Gotham and with the help of his old butler and estate caretaker, Alfred, the C.E.O. of Wayne Enterprises Applied Science Division Lucius Fox, he dons a new persona, Batman, to strike fear into the hearts of the criminals and the corrupt. With the help of rising cop Gordon, and the Assistant District Attorney, and Bruce's love interest Rachel Dawes, he is able to take down the Mafia Don Falcone, and the twisted doctor/drug dealer Jonathan Crane a.k.a. The Scarecrow. With Ra's Al Ghul's return with his evil plan to destroy Gotham by inducing fear into the hearts of the people, Batman must defeat his mentor once again so as to bring peace in Gotham.::srijanarora-152-448595", "Bruce Wayne is still traumatized from that day he fell into the Earth and was surrounded by bats, or that night his parents were murdered. But when he arrives at the headquarters of the League of Shadows, he must conquer his fears and start his training. However, he learns that some things are not right for him in the League and he flees, having learned skillful combat and he saves his mentor's life. When he returns to Gotham, he learns that The Scarecrow is planning to dump a dangerous drug into the water supply to spread fear and panic throughout the population, only to learn that this plan is being maneuvered by someone much more familiar. Gotham might tear itself apart. Wayne must finally find a hidden identity and gain new power to save his city: Batman.", 'As a boy, a young Bruce Wayne watched in horror as his millionaire parents were slain in front of his eyes, a trauma which led him to become obsessed with revenge, but his chance is cruelly taken away from him by fate. After disappearing to the East where he seeks counsel with the dangerous but honorable ninja cult leader known as Ra\'s Al-Ghul, he returns to his now decaying Gotham City overrun by organized crime and dangerous individuals manipulating the system while the company he inherited is slowly being pulled out from under him. The discovery of a cave under his mansion, and a prototype armored suit leads him to take on a new persona, one which will strike fear into the hearts of men who do wrong, he becomes Batman. In the new guise, and with the help of rising cop Jim Gordon, Batman sets out to take down the various nefarious schemes in motion by individuals such as Mafia Don Falcone, the twisted doctor/drug dealer Jonathan "The Scarecrow" Crane, and a mysterious third party that is quite familiar with Wayne and waiting to strike when the time is right.::Dark Horizons']
['A working-class Italian-American bouncer becomes the driver of an African-American classical pianist on a tour of venues through the 1960s American South.', 'In 1962, Tony "Tony Lip" Vallelonga, a tough bouncer, is looking for work when his nightclub is closed for renovations. The most promising offer turns out to be the driver for the African-American classical pianist Don Shirley for a concert tour into the Deep South states. Although hardly enthused at working for a black man, Tony accepts the job and they begin their trek armed with The Negro Motorist Green Book, a travel guide for safe travel through America\'s racial segregation. Together, the snobbishly erudite pianist and the crudely practical bouncer can barely get along with their clashing attitudes to life and ideals. However, as the disparate pair witness and endure America\'s appalling injustices on the road, they find a newfound respect for each other\'s talents and start to face them together. In doing so, they would nurture a friendship and understanding that would change both their lives.::Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com)', 'New York City bouncer Frank "Tony Lip" Vallelonga is searching for new employment after his nightclub is closed for renovations, eventually landing an interview as a driver for "Doc" Don Shirley, a famed pianist. Their first encounter does not go well, as Tony\'s flippant, uncultured behavior clashes with Don\'s sophisticated, reserved demeanor. However, Don eventually hires Tony on the strength of others\' word, as he needs someone who can help him stay out of trouble during an eight-week concert tour through the Deep South. They embark with plans to return home on Christmas Eve. Tony is given a copy of the Green Book by Don\'s record studio: a guide for black travelers to find safe havens throughout the segregated South. They begin the tour in the Midwest before eventually heading further south. Tony and Don clash over their differences, as Tony feels uncomfortable being asked to act properly, while Don is disgusted by Tony\'s habits. Regardless, Tony finds himself impressed with Don\'s talent on the piano, and increasingly disgusted by the discriminatory treatment the latter receives by the hosts when he is not on stage. After a bar incident leads to a group of white men threatening Don\'s life, Tony rescues him by threatening to pull a gun on them. He instructs Don not to go out without him for the rest of the tour.', 'Dr Don Shirley is a world-class African-American pianist, who is about to embark on a concert tour in the Deep South in 1962. In need of a driver and protection, Shirley recruits Tony Lip, a tough-talking bouncer from an Italian-American neighbourhood in the Bronx. Despite their differences, the two men soon develop an unexpected bond while confronting racism and danger in an era of segregation.::Jwelch5742', "In early-1960s openly and legally segregated America, two polar opposites--the distinguished and refined African-American classical pianist, Don Shirley, and the uncultivated Italian-American nightclub bouncer, Tony Vallelonga--are about to form an unlikely friendship. With New York's Copacabana Club being renovated, Don and his new problem-solver chauffeur embark on a lengthy two-month concert tour through the hostile Deep South, equipped only with a subtly tremendous talent, a serenely resilient dignity, and a little vert guide book for visitors--The Negro Motorist Green-Book. Before endless kilometres of unfriendly territory, a single man chooses the hard way for the sake of progress; however, can one person make a difference?::Nick Riganas", 'October, 1962. Italian-American Bronx native Tony Vallelonga - long called Tony Lip by those that know him for being able to BS his way out of anything - largely uses that ability to BS, his street smarts and his fists to do his job in "customer relations" (i.e. a glorified bouncer) at the Copa, where he has to deal with well dressed toughs and thugs, albeit with a smile and often without they knowing that he is screwing them. Like most of his Italian-American friends and family, he is a working class bigot, as demonstrated by his actions concerning some black laborers who did work in his and his wife Dolores\' apartment. With the Copa closed for renovations until the new year, Tony has to find another job in the interim, he, without telling Dolores, pawning some of his valuables in the meantime to put food on their and their two adolescent sons\' table. When he is given the inside scoop on a job working for Dr. Don Shirley, he only did not know before meeting Dr. Shirley that the Dr. refers to his multiple Ph.D.s, and that he is a classically trained pianist (the head of the popular music playing Don Shirley Trio) instead of a physician, but arguably most importantly that he is a well educated, wealthy and refined black man. The job is not only as chauffeur as Tony initially thought, but to be his all-expenses and well paid general foot soldier, especially in the area of security, for the eight week tour he has arranged for the trio with his record label, much of that tour in the Deep South (the last scheduled date being December 23rd in Birmingham, Alabama) hence the need for especially that security in he being black. Renegotiating the terms, learning that Dr. Shirley actually recruited him based on his reputation for being able to get the job done, and getting the okay from Dolores in the stipulation that he make it home for Christmas or else, Tony accepts the job. Beyond the obvious hazards of the race relations aspect of the job once they get to the Deep South, they will not only have to get over their own differences as humans in their moral and ethical values to survive with each other for eight weeks, but deal with the general role reversal of the uneducated white man being subservient to the well-educated black man. In that aspect, Dr. Shirley may have other issues in the Deep South as not fitting into either the white or black populations in general.::Huggo']
["Traudl Junge, the final secretary for Adolf Hitler, tells of the Nazi dictator's final days in his Berlin bunker at the end of WWII.::IMDb Editors", 'In April of 1945, Germany stands at the brink of defeat with the Soviet Armies closing in from the west and south. In Berlin, capital of the Third Reich, Adolf Hitler proclaims that Germany will still achieve victory and orders his Generals and advisers to fight to the last man. "Downfall" explores these final days of the Reich, where senior German leaders (such as Himmler and Goring) began defecting from their beloved Fuhrer, in an effort to save their own lives, while still others (Joseph Goebbels) pledge to die with Hitler. Hitler, himself, degenerates into a paranoid shell of a man, full of optimism one moment and suicidal depression the next. When the end finally does comes, and Hitler lies dead by his own hand, what is left of his military must find a way to end the killing that is the Battle of Berlin, and lay down their arms in surrender.::Anthony Hughes {husnock31@hotmail.com}', 'As the Russians advance through Berlin in the spring of 1945, Adolf Hitler and his remaining military and secretarial staff shelter in his large bunker complex in the centre of the city. His mood swings between completely unjustified optimism that his forces will still break through, and rage against the incompetence and betrayal of his military commanders. Reality does finally start to break through and the Fuhrer and the others in the bunker start to make their final personal preparations for the inevitable.::J-26', "With the fall of Germany imminent, 24 year old, Traudl Junge had just become personal secretary of the Führer, Adolf Hitler. This film recreates from Ms Junge's recollections, the final 2 weeks of the 'thousand year' Third Reich, beginning 20 April, 1945, the day of Hitler's 56th birthday. Spent primarily in the Führer bunker, she and many of the leaders of the Nazi party were taking refuge from the siege of Berlin. As the situation became ever more desperate, the more anguished and seemingly out of touch with reality their actions became.::Huggo"]
['After a boy loses his sister\'s pair of shoes, he goes on a series of adventures in order to find them. When he can\'t, he tries a new way to "win" a new pair.::J. S. Golden', "Zahra's shoes are gone; her older brother Ali lost them. They are poor, there are no shoes for Zahra until they come up with an idea: they will share one pair of shoes, Ali's. School awaits. Will the plan succeed?::Eileen Berdon <eberdon@aol.com>", "Ali is asked to repair the torn shoes of his sister, Zohra, while buying groceries. A garbageman takes them, and a guilt-ridden Ali apologetically offers to share his shoes with her. So Zohra ends up wearing his shoes to morning school, then must race back so that he can put them on to attend afternoon school. To placate her, he even gives her a pen that he received from his teacher after coming first in his class. With the birth of a third child, the family struggles to make ends meet. Their father, who is behind on his rent, does gardening chores, and wants Ali to learn this trade. With the economic situation getting worse, it is only a matter of time when even Ali's shoes will wear out - bringing out the question: what will the children wear to school then?::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)"]
['Retired Old West gunslinger William Munny (Clint Eastwood) reluctantly takes on one last job, with the help of his old partner Ned Logan (Morgan Freeman) and a young man, The "Schofield Kid" (Jaimz Woolvett).::Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>', 'After escaping death by the skin of her teeth, the horribly disfigured prostitute, Delilah Fitzgerald, and her appalled and equally furious co-workers summon up the courage to seek retribution in 1880s Wyoming\'s dangerous town of Big Whiskey. With a hefty bounty on the perpetrators\' heads, triggered by the tough Sheriff "Little Bill" Daggett\'s insufficient sense of justice, the infamous former outlaw and now destitute Kansas hog farmer, William Munny, embarks on a murderous last mission to find the men behind the hideous crime. Along with his old partner-in-crime, Ned Logan, and the brash but inexperienced young gunman, the "Schofield Kid", Munny enters a perilous world he has renounced many years ago, knowing that he walks right into a deadly trap; however, he still needs to find a way to raise his motherless children. Now, blood demands blood. Who is the hero, and who is the villain?::Nick Riganas', 'The town of Big Whiskey, Wyoming is full of normal people trying to lead quiet lives. Cowboys try to make a living. Sheriff "Little Bill" Daggett (Gene Hackman) tries to build a house and keep a heavy-handed order. The town prostitutes just try to get by.Then a couple of cowboys cut up one of them. Dissatisfied with Bill\'s justice, the prostitutes put a bounty on the cowboys. The bounty attracts a young gun billing himself as "The Schofield Kid" (Jaimz Woolvett), and aging killer William Munny (Clint Eastwood). Munny reformed for his young wife, and has been raising crops and two children in peace. But his wife is dead. Farm life is hard. And Munny is no good at it. So he calls his old partner Ned Logan (Morgan Freeman), saddles his ornery nag, and rides off to kill one more time, blurring the lines between heroism and villainy, man and myth.::Charlie Ness']
['After two male musicians witness a mob hit, they flee the state in an all-female band disguised as women, but further complications set in.::Kenneth Chisholm', "After two Chicago musicians, Joe and Jerry, witness the the St. Valentine's Day massacre, they want to get out of town and get away from the gangster responsible, Spats Colombo. They're desperate to get a gig out of town but the only job they know of is in an all-girl band heading to Florida. They show up at the train station as Josephine and Daphne, the replacement saxophone and bass players. They certainly enjoy being around the girls, especially Sugar Kane Kowalczyk who sings and plays the ukulele. Joe in particular sets out to woo her while Jerry/Daphne is wooed by a millionaire, Osgood Fielding III. Mayhem ensues as the two men try to keep their true identities hidden and Spats Colombo and his crew show up for a meeting with several other crime lords.::garykmcd", 'It\'s the winter of 1929 in Chicago. Friends and roommates Jerry and Joe are band musicians, a string bassist and tenor saxophonist respectively. They are also deep in debt. Womanizing and smooth talking Joe is a glass half full type of guy, who figures they can earn quick money gambling with what little money they earn to pay off their debts, while more conservative Jerry is a half glass empty type of guy. They are in the wrong place at the wrong time when they witness a gangland slaying by bootlegger Spats Colombo and his men, Jerry and Joe managing to make it away from the scene within an inch of their lives. Needing to lay low and get out of town away from Spats, they sense an opportunity when they learn of a local jazz band needing a bassist and a saxophonist for a three week gig at a luxurious tropical seaside resort in Miami, all expenses paid. The problem?: it\'s an all girl band, but nothing that "Geraldine" and "Josephine" can\'t overcome, the former who instead chooses Daphne as "her" stage name. Sweet Sue, the band leader, has two basic rules for the band members while on tour: no liquor and no men. Beyond needing to evade Spats and his henchmen, and maintain the front of being women, especially in the most private of situations with the other female band members, Jerry and Joe have two primary problems. First, the more brazen Joe falls for one of the other band members, ukulele player and vocalist Sugar Kane Kowalczyk, although Jerry too is attracted to her. Joe does whatever he can to find time to get out of drag to woo Sugar while in Miami, using all the knowledge Josephine gleans directly from Sugar about what turns her crank in potential husband material. And second, Jerry, as Daphne, catches the eye of wealthy lovestruck Osgood Fielding III, who won\'t take no for an answer.::Huggo', "After witnessing a Mafia murder, slick saxophone player Joe and his long-suffering buddy, Jerry, improvise a quick plan to escape from Chicago with their lives. Disguising themselves as women, they join an all-female jazz band and hop a train bound for sunny Florida. While Joe pretends to be a millionaire to win the band's sexy singer, Sugar, Jerry finds himself pursued by a real millionaire as things heat up and the mobsters close in.::Jwelch5742", 'Two struggling musicians witness the St. Valentine\'s Day Massacre and try to find a way out of the city before they are found and killed by the mob. The only job that will pay their way is an all girl band so the two dress up as women. In addition to hiding, each has his own problems; One falls for another band member but can\'t tell her his gender, and the other has a rich suitor who will not take "No," for an answer.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>', "Joe, the saxophone player, is Josephine in the all girls band that he joined with Jerry, the bass violin player, to be one step ahead of the mob after witnessing the 1929 St. Valentine's Day Massacre in Chicago. After a train ride that sets a record for number of people in an upper berth, they are In Miami. Joe decides to be the man of Sugar Kane's dreams and invites her out to a yacht he doesn't have. But he can use Osgood Fielding's yacht if Jerry -- as Daphne -- will keep Osgood dancing. The pace gets even giddier when the Chicago mob arrives in Miami for a convention.::Dale O'Connor <daleoc@interaccess.com>"]
['In Medieval Japan, an elderly warlord retires, handing over his empire to his three sons. However, he vastly underestimates how the new-found power will corrupt them and cause them to turn on each other...and him.::grantss', "Japanese warlord Hidetori Ichimonji decides the time has come to retire and divide his fiefdom among his three sons. His eldest and middle sons - Taro and Jiro - agree with his decision and promise to support him for his remaining days. The youngest son Saburo disagrees with all of them arguing that there is little likelihood the three brothers will remain united. Insulted by his son's brashness, the warlord banishes Saburo. As the warlord begins his retirement, he quickly realizes that his two eldest sons selfish and have no intention of keeping their promises. It leads to war and only banished Saburo can possibly save him.::garykmcd", "A story of greed, a lust for power, and ultimate revenge. The Great Lord Hidetora Ichimonji has decided to step aside to make room for the younger blood of his three sons, Taro, Jiro, and Saburo, the Lord's only wish now being to live out his years as an honored guest in the castle of each of his sons in turn. While the older two sons flatter their father, the youngest son attempts to warn him of the folly of expecting the three sons to remain united; enraged at the younger son's attempt to point out the danger, the father banishes him. True to the younger son's warning, however, the oldest Son soon conspires with the second son to strip The Great Lord of everything, even his title.::Bill albers.bill@gmail.com"]
['When an unconfident young woman is cursed with an old body by a spiteful witch, her only chance of breaking the spell lies with a self-indulgent yet insecure young wizard and his companions in his legged, walking castle.::Kenneth Chisholm', "A love story between an 18-year-old girl named Sophie, cursed by a witch into an old woman's body, and a magician named Howl. Under the curse, Sophie sets out to seek her fortune, which takes her to Howl's strange moving castle. In the castle, Sophie meets Howl's fire demon, named Karishifâ. Seeing that she is under a curse, the demon makes a deal with Sophie--if she breaks the contract he is under with Howl, then Karushifâ will lift the curse that Sophie is under, and she will return to her 18-year-old shape.::Sophie Ball", "A young woman named Sophie is cursed by the Witch of the Waste, turns into an old woman, and is unable to tell anyone of her plight. Unable to continue her job at her mother's hat shop, she goes to the ambulatory castle of the notorious wizard Howl and insinuates herself into his household. Sophie befriends Calcifer, the fire demon who powers the castle and who is bound to Howl by a contract, the terms of which Calcifer cannot reveal. They promise to help each other with their problems. Like Calcifer, Howl can also see through the Witch's spell, and he and Sophie fall in love. Sophie helps Howl confront his former teacher, and the Witch of the Waste.::Ian", 'Young Sophie Hatter is cursed by the Witch of the Waste, and turns into an old hag. Ashamed of how she looks, she flees into the hills where a moving castle roams the hills. It is said to belong to the young and handsome wizard Howl, who has a bad reputation. Within the castle, Sophie befriends the fire demon Calcifer, who promises to help her become young again. One catch: she must help Calcifer to be free of Howl, and Calcifer cannot tell her how. However, Sophie agrees to stay and try to find out about the contract through other ways. Still, Howl can see that Sophie is under a spell like Calcifer can, and he falls in love with her for who she is and not for what she looks like. Sophie manages to bring life to the moving castle, and she helps Howl to face his former tutor, Madam Suliman.::Luisa']
['Allied prisoners of war plan for several hundred of their number to escape from a German camp during World War II.::Chris White', 'Based on a true story, a group of allied escape artist-type prisoners-of-war are all put in an "escape proof" camp. Their leader decides to try to take out several hundred all at once. The first half of the movie is played for comedy, as the prisoners mostly outwit their jailers to dig the escape tunnel. The second half is high adventure as they use planes, trains, and boats to get out of occupied Europe.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>', "In 1942, the Germans have built what they consider an escape-proof P.O.W. camp, where they plan to house all the problem P.O.W.s (those that have made multiple escape attempts in the past). What the Germans don't realize is that they've put all the best escape minds in one location. If they can't escape, these P.O.W.s believe it is their military duty to make the enemy place as much effort into their confinement as possible to divert them from other war-related pursuits. Royal Air Force Squadron Leader Bartlett plans not just a one or two man escape at a time like most escape attempts in the past have been, but a massive escape of two hundred fifty men through a series of tunnels. If one tunnel is found, they can focus on the others. Each escapee will be provided with a complete set of forged documents and standard clothing. With their reputations preceding them, each P.O.W. is assigned a specific task in carrying out the plan. Somewhat outside of the plot are Captain Hilts and Flying Officer Ives, who spent their first thirty days in camp in the cooler together. They who are unofficially assigned as the decoys who will make more rudimentary escape attempts. They ask Hilts to make a more serious task of reconnaissance of the local town if he ever does successfully escape, which of course means his recapture to bring the information back into camp and more time in the cooler. Beyond basic logistical problems and the Germans finding out what's going on, they have potential problems in certain P.O.W.s who may become liabilities dealing with their own personal issues.::Huggo", 'The Nazis, exasperated at the number of escapes from their prison camps by a relatively small number of Allied prisoners, relocate them to a high-security "escape-proof" camp to sit out the remainder of the war. Undaunted, the prisoners plan one of the most ambitious escape attempts of World War II. Based on a true story.::Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com>', 'Based on a true story, this movie deals with the largest Allied escape attempt from a German P.O.W. camp during World War II. The first part of the movie focuses on the escape efforts within the camp and the process of secretly digging an escape tunnel. The second half deals with the massive effort by the German Gestapo to track down the over seventy escaped prisoners, who are at this point, throughout the Third Reich attempting to make their way to England and various neutral countries.::Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com>']
['After John Nash, a brilliant but asocial mathematician, accepts secret work in cryptography, his life takes a turn for the nightmarish.::ahmetkozan', 'From the heights of notoriety to the depths of depravity, John Forbes Nash, Jr. experienced it all. A mathematical genius, he made an astonishing discovery early in his career and stood on the brink of international acclaim. But the handsome and arrogant Nash soon found himself on a painful and harrowing journey of self-discovery. After many years of struggle, he eventually triumphed over his tragedy, and finally - late in life - received the Nobel Prize.::Universal Pictures and DreamWorks Pictures', "At Princeton University, John Nash struggles to make a worthwhile contribution to serve as his legacy to the world of mathematics. He finally makes a revolutionary breakthrough that will eventually earn him the Nobel Prize. After graduate school he turns to teaching, becoming romantically involved with his student Alicia. Meanwhile the government asks his help with breaking Soviet codes, which soon gets him involved in a terrifying conspiracy plot. Nash grows more and more paranoid until a discovery that turns his entire world upside down. Now it is only with Alicia's help that he will be able to recover his mental strength and regain his status as the great mathematician we know him as today.::rmlohner", "John Nash goes through a myriad of highs and lows from his time as a Mathematics student in graduate school at Princeton in the late 1940's to his Nobel Prize win for Economics in 1994. A brilliant but somewhat arrogant and antisocial man, Nash preferred to spend his time with his thoughts, which were primarily of seeing mathematical formula associated with everyday occurrences, than with people. Two people he did make a connection with were Charles, his roommate at Princeton, and Alicia Larde, one of his students when he was teaching at M.I.T. in the early 1950's. He and Alicia eventually marry. As time goes on, Nash lives more and more within himself which causes major problems in his life. But Alicia stands by her husband to his redemption to the Nobel Prize win. Nash learns that his graduate school colleagues, with whom he had a cordial but somewhat distant relationship, are closer friends than he imagined, although in his later life he really does miss Charles' company more than anything despite knowing that spending time with Charles is not in his or anyone's best interest.::Huggo"]
['A seemingly timid but secretly ruthless ingénue insinuates herself into the lives of an aging Broadway star and her circle of theater friends.::LVJeff', "Eve Harrington (Anne Baxter) is waiting backstage to meet her idol, talented but aging Broadway star Margo Channing (Bette Davis). It seems innocent enough as Eve explains that she has seen Margo in EVERY performance of her current play. Margo and her friends take Eve under their wing but only theatre critic Addison DeWitt (George Sanders) sees through Eve's evil plan, which is to take Margo's parts and her fiancé, Bill Simpson (Gary Merrill) too.", 'Backstage story revolving around aspiring actress Eve Harrington. Tattered and forlorn, Eve shows up in the dressing room of Broadway mega-star Margo Channing and tells Margo and her friends a melancholy life story. Margo takes Eve under her wing, only to have Eve use her and connive against her.::Jwelch5742', 'Aspiring actress Eve Harrington maneuvers her way into the lives of Broadway star Margo Channing, playwright Lloyd Richards, and director Bill Simpson. This classic story of ambition and betrayal has become part of American folklore. Bette Davis claims to have based her character on the persona of film actress Tallulah Bankhead. Davis\' line "Fasten your seatbelts, it\'s going to be a bumpy night" is legendary, but all of the film\'s dialogue sparkles with equal brilliance.::Jeanne Baker <jbaker@erim.org>', 'The ambitious Eve Harrington gets close to the great and temperamental stage artist Margo Channing and her friends Karen Richards and her playwright husband Lloyd Richards, her director boyfriend Bill Simpson, and producer Max Fabian. Everybody except cynical critic Addison DeWitt believes that Eve is simply a naïve, obsessed Margo fan and they try to help her. Actually, Eve is a cynical, manipulative snake that uses the lives of Margo and her friends to reach her show- business goals.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "Stage star Margo Channing is friend to playwright Lloyd Richards and his wife Karen, in love with director Bill Simpson, and the idol of Eve Harrington. When Eve becomes Margo's secretary-aide, she starts to dominate, sending Bill Margo's birthday wishes and arranging a party for him, at which Margo explodes. Eve becomes Margo's understudy and when Margo misses a performance, critic Addison DeWitt gives Eve rave reviews while making acerbic remarks about aging actresses like Margo. At Margo and Bill's engagement party Eve tries to force Karen to get her the lead in Lloyd's new play. Margo tells Lloyd she is going to retire. Eve gets the part but Addison announces to her that he knows the lies and schemes she used to get where she is.::Ed Stephan <stephan@cc.wwu.edu>"]
['A tale of greed, deception, money, power, and murder occur between two best friends: a mafia enforcer and a casino executive, compete against each other over a gambling empire, and over a fast living and fast loving socialite.::paulrichard and assmn316', "This Martin Scorsese film depicts the Janus-like quality of Las Vegas--it has a glittering, glamorous face, as well as a brutal, cruel one. Ace Rothstein and Nicky Santoro, mobsters who move to Las Vegas to make their mark, live and work in this paradoxical world. Seen through their eyes, each as a foil to the other, the details of mob involvement in the casinos of the 1970's and '80's are revealed. Ace is the smooth operator of the Tangiers casino, while Nicky is his boyhood friend and tough strongman, robbing and shaking down the locals. However, they each have a tragic flaw--Ace falls in love with a hustler, Ginger, and Nicky falls into an ever-deepening spiral of drugs and violence.::Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu>", "In 1975, bookie and expert handicapper Sam Rothstein - Ace to his friends - goes somewhat legitimate when the Chicago based Italian Mafia hires him to run the Tangiers Casino on the Las Vegas Strip. Ace can do the job, applying for his gaming license despite his past, while having his ever changing job title be anything but running the casino and the actual license getting lost in the never ending process. Ace's best friend from childhood Nicky Santoro, eventually comes along for the ride, he who the Mafia hires to be Ace and the organization's unofficial protector. Ace is able to make a success of the casino, which includes the process of the Mafia bosses being able to skim profits off the top, while making the entire business look legitimate to the authorities. Ace's success is placed into jeopardy by Nicky, not only by his reckless, violent, volatile and ruthless behavior, but also by his want to eke out his own gangster fiefdom in Las Vegas. It is also placed into jeopardy by who becomes Ace's wife, Ginger McKenna, who he knew was a hustler when he married her and who he wants to trust in every aspect of the word in his love for her. She ends up being a self-destructive woman, her primary weakness being in wanting to help a friend, a hanger-on and loser named Lester Diamond.::Huggo", "Sam 'Ace' Rothstein, a mob-connected casino operator in Las Vegas, attempts a civilized lifestyle with his money-conditional wife, Ginger. Nicky Santoro, a boyhood friend of Ace and now a Made-Man of the Mafia, arrives in town with an ambitious agenda of his own that soon disrupts Ace's life.::Brian Whiting <bwhiting@holly.colostate.edu>"]
['In the Falangist Spain of 1944, the bookish young stepdaughter of a sadistic army officer escapes into an eerie but captivating fantasy world.::Shannon Patrick Sullivan <shannon@mun.ca>', "In 1944 Falangist Spain, a girl, fascinated with fairy-tales, is sent along with her pregnant mother to live with her new stepfather, a ruthless captain of the Spanish army. During the night, she meets a fairy who takes her to an old faun in the center of the labyrinth. He tells her she's a princess, but must prove her royalty by surviving three gruesome tasks. If she fails, she will never prove herself to be the true princess and will never see her real father, the king, again.::ahmetkozan", 'In 1944, in the post-Civil War in Spain, rebels still fight in the mountains against the Falangist troops. The young and imaginative Ofelia travels with her pregnant and sick mother Carmen Vidal to the country to meet and live with her stepfather, the sadistic and cruel Captain Vidal, in an old mill. During the night, Ofelia meets a fairy and together they go to a pit in the center of a maze where they meet a faun that tells that she is a princess from a kingdom in the underground. He also tells that her father is waiting for her, but she needs to accomplish three gruesome, tough and dangerous assignments first. Meanwhile, she becomes friend of the servant Mercedes, who is the sister of one of the rebels and actually is giving support to the group. In a dark, harsh and violent world, Ofelia lives her magical world trying to survive her tasks and sees her father and king again.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "Ofelia's love of fairy tales is obvious from the beginning of El Laberinto del fauno. Set in the not so tranquil Spanish woodlands of World War Two, where a small band of anti-Falangist rebels are hiding out. This is where Ofelia and her pregnant mother have come to live, in the company of Capitán Vidal, Ofelia's new stepfather and soon to be father of her half-brother. It is with the brutal, unforgiving and totalitarian idealist Capitán Vidal, and his Falangist troops, who must weed out these resistance fighters of the hills and woods, that Ofelia finds her release and distraction of the new world order and its warring factions and delves into the older, mysterious and enchanting world of fairies, faun's and giant frogs. Beautiful, charming, graphic and deadly. El Laberinto del fauno.::Cinema_Fan", "Set in Spain during World War II. This is the story of a young girl named Ofelia. She is a girl who has a passion for fairy tales, which causes her to see one during her trip on the forest that is not quiet. She goes to her stepfather's home in the country along with her pregnant but sickly mother, he is the sadistic Captain Vidal. Ofelia creates an imaginary world of her own to escape the cruel and harsh realities of the world. When she encounters a faun, she must complete three tasks in order to obtain immortality according to the legend of a princess.::Emphinix", "The story takes place in Spain, a few years after The Civil War, which ended in 1939 with General Franco emerging victorious and taking over as Dictator of Spain. The Resistance has fled into the forests, but are looking to bounce back at any opportunity. Amidst this setting, the narrative of the film intertwines the real world with a mythical world centered on an overgrown abandoned labyrinth and a mysterious faun creature, with whom the main character, Ofelia (Ivana Baquero), interacts. Ofelia meets several strange and magical creatures who become central to her story, leading her through the trials of the old labyrinth garden. On successful completion of her tasks, Ofelia bears the chance to attain immortality by ascending the high throne of the underworld as Princess Moanna. Parallely running, is the story of Captain Vidal (Sergi Lopez), the son of a brave Commander who died in a battle in Morocco, who is posted on an Army outpost in the forest surrounded by the Resistance men. He takes Ofelia's mother Carmen (Ariadna Gil) as his wife, after the death of Ofelia's father. There is state control over the rations to prevent it from reaching the Resistance men hiding in the forests and amidst this he plays an evil character who is impossible to defend. Mercedes (Maribel Verdu), Vidal's housekeeper, who is secretly supporting the rebels is also supported by Dr Ferreiro (Alex Angulo) in her mission. Midway in the movie, The Resistance, in a stroke of brilliance, are able to overpower the men at the outpost and gain access to the rations leaving the Captain and his men dumbfounded. This incident in the movie, shifts the tide in favor of the Resistance. Soon after, Vidal discovers that his housekeeper Mercedes is a spy. Ofelia is locked in her bedroom, and Mercedes is taken to be tortured. However, she frees herself, stabs Vidal, and rejoins the rebels. The faun returns to Ofelia and tells her to bring her baby brother into the labyrinth. Vidal pursues her. The faun tells Ofelia that opening the portal to the underworld requires the blood of an innocent. The faun suggests a few drops of her baby brother's blood. Ofelia refuses to harm her brother; for further disobeying his orders, the faun refuses to help her. Vidal finds Ofelia talking to someone (the faun) whom Vidal cannot see. Vidal takes the baby from her arms and fatally shoots Ofelia; then, when he reaches the labyrinth's entrance, he is surrounded by the rebels who have taken over the outpost. Knowing that he will be killed, he hands the baby to Mercedes. One of the rebels kills Vidal. The movie ends with drops of Ofelia's blood falling down the center of the spiral stone staircase onto an altar. Ofelia then appears in a golden throne room. The king of the underworld says that she passed the final test, which was to choose to spill her own blood rather than that of her baby half-brother.::Dev X Cholera <devansh.cholera@gmail.com>"]
['Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort, from his rise to a wealthy stock-broker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government.::mystic80', 'Jordan Belfort is a Long Island penny stockbroker who served 22 months in prison for defrauding investors in a massive 1990s securities scam that involved widespread corruption on Wall Street and in the corporate banking world, including shoe designer Steve Madden.::anonymous', 'In the early 1990s, Jordan Belfort teamed with his partner Donny Azoff and started brokerage firm Stratford-Oakmont. Their company quickly grows from a staff of 20 to a staff of more than 250 and their status in the trading community and Wall Street grows exponentially. So much that companies file their initial public offerings through them. As their status grows, so do the amount of substances they abuse, and so do their lies. They draw attention like no other, throwing lavish parties for their staff when they hit the jackpot on high trades. That ultimately leads to Belfort featured on the cover of Forbes Magazine, being called "The Wolf Of Wall St.". With the FBI onto Belfort\'s trading schemes, he devises new ways to cover his tracks and watch his fortune grow. Belfort ultimately comes up with a scheme to stash their cash in a European bank. But with the FBI watching him like a hawk, how long will Belfort and Azoff be able to maintain their elaborate wealth and luxurious lifestyles?::halo1k', 'In 1987, Jordan Belfort procures a job as a Wall Street stockbroker for L.F. Rothschild, employed under Mark Hanna, who quickly entices him with the sex and drugs fueled stockbroker culture and passes on his idea that a stockbroker\'s only goal is to make money for himself. Jordan soon finds his career terminated following Black Monday and takes a job at a boiler room brokerage firm on Long Island that specializes in penny stocks. Thanks to his aggressive pitching style and the high commissions, Jordan makes a small fortune. Jordan befriends his neighbor, Donnie Azoff, and the two found their own company. They recruit several of Jordan\'s friends, whom Jordan trains in the art of the "hard sell". The basic method of the firm is a pump and dump scam. To cloak this, Jordan gives the firm the respectable-sounding name of Stratton Oakmont. After an expose in Forbes, hundreds of ambitious young financiers flock to his company. Jordan becomes immensely successful and slides into a decadent lifestyle of prostitutes and drugs. He has an affair with a woman named Naomi Lapaglia..']
['A retired legal counselor writes a novel hoping to find closure for one of his past unresolved homicide cases and for his unreciprocated love with his superior - both of which still haunt him decades later.::Anonymous', "In 1999, retired Argentinian federal justice agent Benjamín Espósito is writing a novel, using an old closed case as the source material. That case is the brutal rape and murder of Liliana Coloto. In addition to seeing the extreme grief of the victim's husband Ricardo Morales, Benjamín, his assistant Pablo Sandoval, and newly hired department chief Irene Menéndez-Hastings were personally affected by the case as Benjamín and Pablo tracked the killer, hence the reason why the unsatisfactory ending to the case has always bothered him. Despite the department already having two other suspects, Benjamín and Pablo ultimately were certain that a man named Isidoro Gómez is the real killer. Although he is aware that historical accuracy is not paramount for the novel, the process of revisiting the case is more an issue of closure for him. He tries to speak to the key players in the case, most specifically Irene, who still works in the justice department and who he has always been attracted to but never pursued due to the differences in their ages and social classes. The other issue is that Gómez is still at large, no one aware if he is alive or dead. But as Pablo at the time mentioned that passion is one thing that cannot be changed in behavior, Benjamín learns now that that premise still holds true.::Huggo", "The retired justice officer Benjamín Espósito decides to write a novel based on the Morales Case of twenty-five years ago and has difficulties to find the right beginning. He visits his former chief Irene Menéndez-Hastings in the tribunal to show his draft. In the 70's, Benjamín has an unrequited love for his new-hired chief Irene that belongs to an upper-class. Benjamin is assigned to investigate the murder of Liliana Coloto, a beautiful woman recently married with Ricardo Morales that had been brutally raped and murdered. Benjamin and his alcoholic partner Pablo Sandoval feel touched with the grief of Ricardo and go further in their investigation. Benjamin observes that a man named Isidoro Gómez is staring Liliana in many pictures and he becomes the prime-suspect. Meanwhile the tension between Ricardo and Irene increases along the days but Ricardo does not understand the signs of her eyes. Twenty five years later, Ricardo is still haunted by his love for Irene and for the unsatisfactory resolution of the Morales Case.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", 'For nearly twenty-five long years, the horrendous unresolved rape and murder case of the young Liliana Coloto is still haunting the retired Buenos Aires criminal investigator, Benjamín Espósito. Obsessed with the perplexing mystery, Benjamín sets out to write a book with the aid of a former colleague, the beautiful prosecutor and the secret object of his desire, Irene Menéndez Hastings, hopeful of putting the pieces together. Little by little, as the team flashes back to 1970s Argentina, and then, back to the present, a furious search for the truth will eventually unravel a nightmare which spans more than two decades of secrets. But are they really prepared to face the truth?::Nick Riganas']
['When two girls move to the country to be near their ailing mother, they have adventures with the wondrous forest spirits who live nearby.::Kenneth Chisholm', 'Two young girls, 10-year-old Satsuki and her 4-year-old sister Mei, move into a house in the country with their father to be closer to their hospitalized mother. Satsuki and Mei discover that the nearby forest is inhabited by magical creatures called Totoros (pronounced toe-toe-ro). They soon befriend these Totoros, and have several magical adventures.::Christopher E. Meadows <cmeadows@nyx.cs.du.edu>']
['A botched card game in London triggers four friends, thugs, weed-growers, hard gangsters, loan sharks and debt collectors to collide with each other in a series of unexpected events, all for the sake of weed, cash and two antique shotguns.::filipfilipovich@hotmail.com', 'Four Jack-the-lads find themselves heavily - seriously heavily - in debt to an East End hard man and his enforcers after a crooked card game. Overhearing their neighbours in the next flat plotting to hold up a group of out-of-their-depth drug growers, our heros decide to stitch up the robbers in turn. In a way the confusion really starts when a pair of antique double-barrelled shotguns go missing in a completely different scam.::Anonymous', "Eddy has been known as a cardsharp since he was young. So he and his three friends Soap, Tom and Bacon all decide to chip in £25,000 each to allow him to play in an illegal high-roller game run by one of the local villains, Hatchet Harry. However, Eddy didn't realize the game was crooked and he ends up owing Harry £500,000 with dire threats about losing his fingers one at a time if he doesn't pay within a week! Eddy and his friends discuss various completely illegal schemes to obtain the money and eventually decide to rip-off the gang of thieves next door who themselves are planning to raid a clandestine drug growing operation which keeps all of its money in shoe boxes where they grow the cannabis plants. The scheme is simple enough but the best laid plans of mice and men always seems to go awry as does this one. As extreme chaos breaks loose the violence and associated body count spiral out of control, Eddy and his friends realize that they are out of their depth and desperately try to find a way out before they too find themselves among the casualties!::Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk>", 'Four Cockney wide-boys are tricked into owing 500,000 nicker to the local gang-land boss and porn king, \'Hatchet\' Harry Lonsdale. With the very real threat of finger amputation looming over them the lads come up with a plan to nick the cash from their next-door neighbours: a gang of hardcase drug-dealers... Meanwhile, \'Hatchet\' ain\'t none too pleased when a pair of antique shotguns wot he wants are sold on by a pair of Scouse thieves, to be used in a "job"... The involvement of a conscientious debt-collector, some public school "chemists", a psychotic hash-baron, a lot of guns and knives, ensures that karma is surrealistically resolved (just!) before the end credits roll...::Ian Miller <imiller@csd.abdn.ac.uk>']
['The life of boxer Jake LaMotta, whose violence and temper that led him to the top in the ring destroyed his life outside of it.::bdsproductons', "When Jake LaMotta steps into a boxing ring and obliterates his opponent, he's a prizefighter. But when he treats his family and friends the same way, he's a ticking time bomb, ready to go off at any moment. Though LaMotta wants his family's love, something always seems to come between them. Perhaps it's his violent bouts of paranoia and jealousy. This kind of rage helped make him a champ, but in real life, he winds up in the ring alone.::alfiehitchie", 'The story of middleweight boxing champion Jake LaMotta, famously dubbed, "The Raging Bull" and "The Bronx Bull". Martin Scorsese\'s "Raging Bull" chronicles two decades of his life, and how the violence inside the ring was only an extension of his violence and temper outside of it.::Liam Alexander']
['A story of family, religion, hatred, oil and madness, focusing on a turn-of-the-century prospector in the early days of the business.::Anonymous and Brian McInnis', 'The intersecting life stories of Daniel Plainview and Eli Sunday in early twentieth century California presents miner-turned-oilman Daniel Plainview, a driven man who will do whatever it takes to achieve his goals. He works hard but also takes advantage of those around him at their expense if need be. His business partner/son (H.W.) is, in reality, an "acquired" child whose true biological single-parent father (working on one of Daniel\'s rigs) died in a workplace accident. Daniel is deeply protective of H.W. if only for what H.W. brings to the partnership. Eli Sunday is one in a pair of twins whose family farm Daniel purchases for the major oil deposit located on it. Eli, a local preacher and a self-proclaimed faith healer, wants the money from the sale of the property to finance his own church. The lives of the two competitive men often clash as Daniel pumps oil off the property and tries to acquire all the surrounding land at bargain prices to be able to build a pipeline to the coast, and as Eli tries to build his own religious empire.::Huggo / edited by statmanjeff', 'Ruthless silver miner, turned oil prospector, Daniel Plainview moves to oil-rich California. Using his adopted son to project a trustworthy, family-man image, Plainview cons local landowners into selling him their valuable properties for a pittance. However, local preacher Eli Sunday suspects Plainviews motives and intentions, starting a slow-burning feud that threatens both their lives.::yusufpiskin', "The film follows the rise to power of Daniel Plainview - a charismatic and ruthless oil prospector, driven to succeed by his intense hatred of others and desperate need to see any and all competitors fail. When he learns of oil-rich land in California that can be bought cheaply, he moves his operation there and begins manipulating and exploiting the local landowners into selling him their property. Using his young adopted son H.W. to project the image of a caring family man, Plainview gains the cooperation of almost all the locals with lofty promises to build schools and cultivate the land to make their community flourish. Over time, Plainview's gradual accumulation of wealth and power causes his true self to surface, and he begins to slowly alienate himself from everyone in his life.::Denny Gibbons", 'Daniel Plainview is an oil man and spends his days harvesting the money from discovered oil. When Paul Sunday asks Plainview to dig for the oil at his family home, he finds it too hard to resist. Soon, he is up in Little Boston, California. Not everyone is pleased to see him as tension builds between Daniel and preacher, Eli Sunday as well as the greed.::FilmFanUk', "In the early years of the 20th century, Daniel Plainview is an oil prospector. Based on information sold to him by Paul Sunday, he travels to Little Boston, California and begins to buy land, starting with the Sunday's farm. Wanting to buy up all of the land in the area, he smooth-talks the locals into selling by promising to build roads, schools and churches. He has no intention of doing so, of course. His only purpose is to make money. Over the course of his endeavors, men die, the locals get nothing, and Plainview gets rich. In his life he makes few friends and many enemies and even his adopted son H.W. is eventually alienated.::garykmcd"]
['Two Americans searching for work in Mexico convince an old prospector to help them mine for gold in the Sierra Madre Mountains.::Karl Krejci', 'Fred C. Dobbs and Bob Curtin, both down on their luck in Tampico, Mexico in 1925, meet up with a grizzled prospector named Howard and decide to join with him in search of gold in the wilds of central Mexico. Through enormous difficulties, they eventually succeed in finding gold, but bandits, the elements, and most especially greed threaten to turn their success into disaster.::Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net>', 'Dobbs and Curtin meet up in Mexico, and go to work for a contractor, Pat McCormick, who takes them away to remote site and tells them they will be paid when the job is finished. When they are finished, they return to town to find McCormick to get their wages. McCormick gives them a few dollars, and says he\'ll just go to the bank and pick up the payroll for them. Dobbs and Curtin then meet up with an old prospector, who claims the hills are still full of gold, and if they can get the cash, he\'ll go with them. They eventually get the cash from McCormick after a little "persuasion", and all three set off for the hills as good friends, but will they return that way ?::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>']
['In 1948, an American court in occupied Germany tries four Nazis judged for war crimes.::Mark Logan <marklo@west.sun.com>', 'It has been three years since the most important Nazi leaders had already been tried. This trial is about 4 judges who used their offices to conduct Nazi sterilization and cleansing policies. Retired American judge, Dan Haywood has a daunting task ahead of him. The Cold War is heating up and no one wants any more trials as Germany, and Allied governments, want to forget the past. But is that the right thing to do is the question that the tribunal must decide.::Tony Fontana <tony.fontana@spacebbs.com>', "It's 1948 in Nuremberg, Germany, where the American military is holding a post-WWII tribunal on the activities of individuals within the Nazi Party leading up to and during the war. Dan Haywood is the lead judge in a three-man judiciary in one of those trials, where four men, who were involved in judicial matters, are the defendants. The general issues surrounding these four is whether they are guilty of international crimes or were just carrying out the laws of their national government, especially as they did not run or operate concentration camps for example, or purportedly know about what was happening to anyone they sentenced to life at those concentration camps. Of the four on trial, the largest question mark surrounds Dr. Ernst Janning, a globally renowned judge. Haywood, not being a well traveled man outside of the US, tries to get to know life in Germany, both then and now, to get a better perspective of the discussions at the trial. He befriends a Mrs. Bertholt as that conduit into German life. The counsel for the prosecution is led by Col. Tad Lawson, who wants to win at any cost, which includes trotting out the emotional aspects of the genocide at the concentration camps at whatever opportunity, regardless of if it actually applies to the defendants. The counsel for the defense is led by Hans Rolfe, who sees the proceedings as German self-determination on trial. Problems on both sides is getting the German public affected to talk about and thus testify about this emotionally traumatizing period of their past. But another issue in the background of this trial is the current Communist aggression, most specifically in Eastern Europe, and the Americans' need for German support in quashing this aggression, support which would be difficult to obtain if the Americans are putting Germans behind bars.::Huggo", 'In 1947, four German judges who served on the bench during the Nazi regime face a military tribunal to answer charges of crimes against humanity. Chief Justice Haywood hears evidence and testimony not only from lead defendant Ernst Janning and his defense attorney Hans Rolfe, but also from the widow of a Nazi general, an idealistic U.S. Army captain and reluctant witness Irene Wallner.::Jwelch5742']
['The family of a left-wing journalist is torn apart after the military coup of Turkey in 1980.::TheMobster1995', "Sadik is one of the rebellious youth who has been politically active as a university student and became a left-wing journalist in the 70's, despite his father's expectations of him becoming an agricultural engineer and taking control of their family farm in an Aegean village. On the dawn of September 12, 1980, when a merciless military coup hits the country, they cannot find access to any hospital or a doctor and his wife dies while giving birth to their only child, Deniz. After a long-lasting period of torture, trials, and jail time, Sadik returns to his village with 7-8 years old Deniz, knowing that it will be hard to correct things with his father, Huseyin.::Ali Riza Bolukbasi"]
["A mother personally challenges the local authorities to solve her daughter's murder when they fail to catch the culprit.::Fox Searchlight Pictures", "THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING, MISSOURI is a darkly comic drama from Academy Award nominee Martin McDonagh (In Bruges). After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes (Academy Award winner Frances McDormand) makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby (Academy Award nominee Woody Harrelson), the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Dixon (Academy Award winner Sam Rockwell), an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.::Fox Searchlight Pictures", "In an effort to track down who raped and murdered her daughter, Mildred Hayes has three billboards erected outside her town of Ebbing, Missouri. They accuse the Sheriff of doing nothing to catch the killer. This causes a largely adverse, and diverse, reaction amongst the town's folk, not least of all the sheriff's deputy, the hot-headed, irascible Jason Dixon.::grantss", "It's been already seven months since her daughter's hideous murder, and the divorced mother, Mildred Hayes, is still grieving, refusing to come to terms with her loss. In Mildred's case, nothing seems to be able to take away the gut-wrenching pain only a mother feels when she loses a child; however, in one of those spur-of-the-moment decisions, the plucky parent will rent three derelict billboards on the outskirts of her town, Ebbing, to declare war against the local police for failing to find the killer. No one is spared in this brave crusade, not even the ailing police chief, Willoughby, as Mildred's bold black-on-red statements demand answers and the culprit's head on a platter. Just how far is Mildred willing to go to appease her rage?::Nick Riganas", 'The story takes place entirely in the small town of Ebbing, Missouri, where a girl was raped and murdered a few months ago. The mother, Mildred Hayes, believes that the local police did nothing to find the killer, so she rents three billboards in order to challenge them to search deeper. This leads to many complex situations that involve tragedy, anger, hate, love, redemption and broken characters.::Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com>', "Mildred Hayes, a hard-nosed mother is seeking justice for her murdered daughter. With no arrests after seven months, Mildred puts up three roadside signs to goad Ebbing police chief into action. But the law - and especially Sam Rockwell's hot-headed deputy - don't take kindly to the provocation. And the townsfolk are on their side. But Mildred doesn't care about ruffling a few feathers. In fact, she's happy to pluck the whole bird.::Jwelch5742"]
["A tennis player tries to arrange his wife's murder after learning of her affair.::Lila Tov", 'In London, wealthy Margot Mary Wendice had a brief love affair with the American writer Mark Halliday while her husband and professional tennis player Tony Wendice was on a tennis tour. Tony quits playing to dedicate to his wife and finds a regular job. She decides to give him a second chance for their marriage. When Mark arrives from America to visit the couple, Margot tells him that she had destroyed all his letters but one that was stolen. Subsequently she was blackmailed, but she had never retrieved the stolen letter. Tony arrives home, claims that he needs to work and asks Margot to go with Mark to the theater. Meanwhile Tony calls Captain Lesgate (aka Charles Alexander Swann who studied with him at college) and blackmails him to murder his wife, so that he can inherit her fortune. But there is no perfect crime, and things do not work as planned.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "After learning that his wife Margot had a brief affair with mystery writer Mark Halliday, Tony Wendice decides he's going to kill her. He wants to provide himself with an ironclad alibi and so blackmail a one-time schoolmate with a shady past, Charles Swann, to do the killing for him. The plan is simple. He will give Swann a key to their flat and while he and Halliday are out at a dinner, Swan can let himself into the flat and strangle her. It all goes as planned but Margot successfully defends herself, killing Swan in the process. She is convicted of his murder - Tony had planted evidence to suggest that he had been blackmailing her - and soon finds herself in prison awaiting execution on the gallows. It's left to Mark Halliday and a sympathetic policeman, Chief Inspector Hubbard, to uncover Wendice's plan and get the evidence to arrest him.::garykmcd", 'Residing in London, former tennis pro turned sporting goods salesman Tony Wendice and socialite Margot Wendice have a loving, happy marriage,... or so it appears on the surface. In reality, Margot fell out of love with Tony as a traveling tennis wife, and began an affair with American writer Mark Halliday, who she still loves. Margot decided to make a go of the marriage when Tony gave up tennis for a more steady job, but she still kept one keepsake from Mark, a love letter, which she carried with her everywhere in whatever handbag she was using, that is until the letter was stolen from her handbag. An unknown person is blackmailing her with the letter, threatening to expose the affair to Tony, something she has told no one except Mark. The blackmailer, which in reality is not blackmail but part of a larger plot, is Tony himself. When first discovering the affair, Tony had thought about killing Mark. But now, his carefully thought out plan is to have Margot killed so that he can live off her wealth. That plan, which only recently coalesced into a beginning to end detailed plot, involves blackmailing old college associate Charles Swann, who Tony has recently learned has turned to a life of fraud and murder. While Tony is out for the evening with a visiting Mark, Swann will kill Margot at the Wendice apartment. Tony will have an alibi and Swann should be able to get away scot-free as he has no formal ties to the Wendices and thus no motive to kill Margot. Although Tony considers the plan foolproof, it does not come off quite as planned, with Margot surviving the attack. Tony has to decide what to do, if he should just hide his involvement in the murder plot, or if he has a Plan B up his sleeve still to get rid of Margot for good. Who may factor into what happens are Mark, who will do whatever to help Margot, most specifically using his creative writing skills, and the lead police investigator, Chief Inspector Hubbard, who may see the crime scene in a slightly different light than the average Joe.::Huggo', 'Ex-tennis pro Tony Wendice decides to murder his wife for her money and because she had an affair the year before. He blackmails an old college associate to strangle her, but when things go wrong he sees a way to turn events to his advantage.::Col Needham <col@imdb.com>', "Tony Wendice learns that his wife, Margo had an affair but even though it's over, he decided to kill her but chose to bide his time. He waited until Mark Halliday, his wife's boyfriend, returned to town. He then placed his plan in order. He summoned a man, whose reputation is a bit shady, and reveals that he knows his secrets but also tells him about his wife and her boyfriend and that they are each the beneficiary of their estates. He gets the man to agree to kill his wife and he has laid out what appears to be perfect plan. Only thing is the man was the one who was killed. Wendice trying to cover everything up, decides then to make it appear that Margo had an ulterior motive for killing the man. And it appears to be working except Halliday doesn't believe she's guilty and the police uncover a few anomalies.::rcs0411@yahoo.com"]
['A prospector goes to the Klondike in search of gold and finds it and more.::Anonymous', 'A lone prospector ventures into Alaska looking for gold. He gets mixed up with some burly characters and falls in love with the beautiful Georgia. He tries to win her heart with his singular charm.::John J. Magee <magee@helix.mgh.harvard.edu>', "The Little Tramp goes prospecting for gold in the Klondike. Conditions are harsh, there is little in the way of comfort or food and even less it seems in the way of gold. Thanksgiving dinner for himself and Big Jim Mckay consists of a boiled boot. Once in town, he meets the beautiful Georgia at the Monte Carlo dance hall. He finds himself in competition with the ladies man who has his eyes on Georgia as well. Meanwhile, Black Larsen - wanted by the police - tries to steal Big Jim McKay's claim. Big Jim tries to stop him but knocked unconscious, he loses his memory. Back in town, the little tramp tries to impress Georgia. When Big Jim arrives, he regains his memory and he and the Little Tramp set off to make their fortune. Sailing home as rich men, the Little Tramp has one more chance to unite with Georgia.::garykmcd", 'During the Gold Rush, prospectors hoping to find fortune travel to Chilkoot Pass, a high mountain of harsh and dangerous conditions. Big Jim, a gold prospector has just discovered a massive stash of gold on his patch of land. When a blizzard strikes, and A Lone Prospector gets lost in the same storm, the two must fight for the territory. As they encounter one adventure after another, The Lone Prospector is lead to and eventually meets the love of his life.::Kyle Perez']
['A private detective hired to expose an adulterer finds himself caught up in a web of deceit, corruption, and murder.::Anonymous', "In 1937 Los Angeles, private investigator Jake 'J.J.' Gittes specializes in cheating-spouse cases. His current target is Hollis Mulwray, high-profile chief engineer for the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, whose wife suspects him of infidelity. In following Mulwray, Gittes witnesses some usual business dealings, such as a public meeting for construction of a new dam to create additional water supply for Los Angeles, as fresh water is vital to the growing community during the chronic drought; Mulwray opposes the dam. Eventually Gittes sees Mulwray meeting with an unknown young woman who isn't his wife. Once news of the supposed tryst between Mulwray and this woman hits the media, additional information comes to light that makes Gittes believe that Mulwray is being framed for something and that he himself is being set up. In his investigation of the issue behind Mulwray's framing and his own setup, Gittes is assisted by Mulwray's wife Evelyn, but he thinks she isn't being forthright with him. The further he gets into the investigation, the more secrets he uncovers about the Mulwrays' professional and personal dealings, including Mulwray's former business-partnership with Evelyn's father, Noah Cross. The identity of the unknown woman may be the key to uncovering the whole story.::Huggo", 'It is the Great Depression era, September 1937, the period of the historic Los Angeles - Owens Valley Waters Wars. J.J. "Jake" Gittes (Jack Nicholson) is a brash private investigator. His methods yield results: because his small firm depends on publicity, he is not shy with the media. Hollis Mulwray is the Commissioner and Chief Engineer for the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power; given the circumstances and the issues of the times, Mulwray is one of the city\'s most powerful and influential politicians. Jake is hired to follow Mulwray; he goes to a commission meeting and to various reservoirs, aqueducts, dams, and waterways. Jake also tails him to a cozy apartment, where he snaps a photo of Mulwray in the clinches of a young blonde. The photo and juicy story make front-page headlines. At his office, Jake is confronted by the real Mrs. Mulwray (Faye Dunaway), an angry beauty, and her attorney, who hands Jake a lawsuit. With his reputation at stake, Jake is anxious to talk to Hollis Mulwray, but he is unable to locate him at his office or apartment or other haunts. At the Mulwray home, Evelyn Mulwray receives Jake, but she is evasive and uneven, then she offers to dismiss the law suit. When Jake persists, she suggests Jake try Oak Pass at Stone Canyon Reservoir, as her husband likes to walk there every day at lunch. Jake reaches Oak Pass and Hollis Mulwray is indeed at the reservoir, but so are the police: Mulwray fell and drowned, and his body washed up in a runoff channel. When Evelyn arrives at Oak Pass she lies to the police, and Jake does not expose her lies. Evelyn piques Jake\'s interest and he makes further investigation. After an attack, Jake informs Evelyn that her husband was murdered, and Jake soon becomes embroiled in the mystery of Mulwray\'s death and other questions: Who was the impostor and who hired her? Why was she hired? Who is Evelyn Mulwray and who\'s her daddy? Jake learns "gold" is really a five-letter word, more valuable than oil or diamonds, in this 1974 classic.::LA-Lawyer', "In 1937 Los Angeles, private detective J.J. Gittes is hired by a woman to investigate whether her husband is having an affair. The husband, Hollis Mulwray, is the chief water engineer for the city of Los Angeles. Soon after Gittes delivers the photos that seem to confirm her suspicions, he meets the man's real wife and, intrigued, investigates further. Then Hollis Mulwray turns up dead.::grantss", 'Los Angeles detective Jake Gittes is hired by a "Mrs. Mulwray" to spy on her husband. Shortly after Gittes is hired, the real Mrs. Mulwray appears in his office threatening to sue if he doesn\'t drop the case immediately. Gittes pursues the case anyway, slowly uncovering a vast conspiracy centering on water management, state and municipal corruption, land use, and real estate; and involving at least one murder.::filmfactsman']
['In a future British tyranny, a shadowy freedom fighter, known only by the alias of "V", plots to overthrow it with the help of a young woman.::Kenneth Chisholm', 'In the year 2032, Evey Hammond is an average citizen of the United Kingdom, which is under the rule of the fascist and tyrannical Norsefire Party. She is an employee of the state-run British Television Network, but soon, she becomes the number one enemy of the state together with an enigmatic and larger-than-life freedom fighter known only by the letter "V". V informs Evey that she must hide in his underground lair for at least one year, and while she is reluctant to the idea at first, a bond soon forms between the two individuals. In the meanwhile, the mysterious past of V is gradually revealed to the police inspector tasked with capturing him, Eric Finch, and it is not long until he starts questioning everything his government stands for.::goddangwatir', 'Tells the story of Evey Hammond (Natalie Portman) and her unlikely but instrumental part in bringing down the fascist government that has taken control of a futuristic Great Britain. Saved from a life-and-death situation by a man in a Guy Fawkes mask who calls himself "V" (Hugo Weaving), she learns a general summary of V\'s past and, after a time, decides to help him bring down those who committed the atrocities that led to Britain being in the shape that it is in.::ahmetkozan', 'Set against the futuristic landscape of totalitarian Britain, this movie tells the story of a mild-mannered young woman named Evey (Natalie Portman), who is rescued from a life situation by a masked guy known only as "V" (Hugo Weaving). Incomparably charismatic skilled in the art of combat. V detonates two London landmarks and takes over the government, urging his fellow citizens to rise up. As Evey uncovers the truth about V\'s mysterious background, she also discovers the truth about herself and emerges as his unlikely ally in the culmination of his plot to bring freedom and justice back to a society fraught with cruelty and corruption.::Alex W', 'In the not too distant future, Britain is filled with torture cells, unfair punishments, prejudice against minorities. However, in the midst of all this chaos, one man known only by the name V (Hugo Weaving) dares to stand up to the government and is labeled as a terrorist. One night V rescues a mild young woman called Evey Hammond (Natalie Portman), and an unlikely bond between the two emerges which results with Evey becoming Vs ally. But though V may be charismatic and have a passion for justice he also is bitter and has his own personal hatred of the government for something they did to him long ago. As November the 5th, the day V says he and those who will follow him will stand up to the government once and for all approaches, Detective Finch (Stephen Rea) becomes more and more determined to uncover the truth about V, however his search leads him to ask to question whether or not he is on the right side.::x_babyangel', "In this obscure and Gothic tale, one attractive girl, Evey (Natalie Portman), gets involved accidentally in a terrorist attack, perpetrated by a masked and megalomaniac character, V (Hugo Weaving). V is following the same steps of Guy Fawkes, a sort of terrorist of the XVII century, who wanted to blow up the English Parlament in London. However, in present time, the Orwellian London lives under the fascist government of Chancellor Adam (Sir John Hurt), and V will fight against his regime, using the power of powder, blowing up important buildings. Evey will be chased by the Secret Police, thinking that she's the accomplice of V, who will accomplish Fawkes' mission of destroying the Parlament on the 5th of November, in this mixture of The Phantom of the Opera, George Orwell's 1984, and Batman.::Alejandro Frias"]
['Violence and mayhem ensue after a hunter stumbles upon a drug deal gone wrong and more than two million dollars in cash near the Rio Grande.::IMDb Editor', 'In rural Texas, welder and hunter Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) discovers the remains of several drug runners who have all killed each other in an exchange gone violently wrong. Rather than report the discovery to the police, Moss decides to simply take the two million dollars present for himself. This puts the psychopathic killer, Anton Chigurh (Javier Bardem), on his trail as he dispassionately murders nearly every rival, bystander and even employer in his pursuit of his quarry and the money. As Moss desperately attempts to keep one step ahead, the blood from this hunt begins to flow behind him with relentlessly growing intensity as Chigurh closes in. Meanwhile, the laconic Sheriff Ed Tom Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) blithely oversees the investigation even as he struggles to face the sheer enormity of the crimes he is attempting to thwart.::Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com)', "1980, West Texas. While out hunting down by the US-Mexico border, good ol' Texas boy Llewelyn Moss, a welder by day who lives in a trailer park in Sanderson with his wife Carla Jean, comes across what is a drug deal gone wrong. What he finds are all the players left at the scene dead or near death and a satchel filled with $2 million which he takes, despite knowing that someone will be looking for the money and is probably willing to kill for it. As such, he not only tries to protect himself in the process of trying to find out who will be after the money, but also Carla Jean by sending her away. A person hired to retrieve the money is Anton Chigurh, who indeed will kill anyone, including innocent bystanders, necessary to get to his end goal, with a high pressure air pistol his weapon of choice especially as it leaves no bullet as evidence. Chigurh, in deciding who should live or die in his day to day life, also uses his own psychopathic set of principles. Chirgurh quickly learns that Moss has the money and is on the run. Also on both their trails is Terrell County Sheriff Ed Tom Bell and his naive deputy Wendell. Bell, a third generation sheriff, has of late contemplated his professional future solely because of the notion that he and his like have not been able to do anything to control the increasing violence of the region. Bell finds evidence that Moss has the money and that someone, who has left a trail of carnage behind him, is after Moss and the money. As such, Bell tries to find Moss solely to protect him from whoever is after him. One other person added to the mix is Carson Wells, hired by the same person that hired Chigurh also to retrieve the money, as their employer feels that Chigurh has gotten out of control. Wells knows Chigurh well and knows that he will not take too kindly to anyone else brought in on his job.::Huggo", 'In the desert of Rio Grande, a drug deal goes wrong and Llewellyn Moss, the welder, finds 2 million dollars in a box. He keeps the money for himself but an unemotional psychopathic killer Chigurh chases him. He kills everyone that comes in front of him to get the welder, using a unique weapon of his own. By this time the elderly sheriff Ed Tom tries to go through and to as deed as possible of the matter.', "After stumbling across a case of money among dead bodies, Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) thinks he can keep it quiet, but when silent killer Anton Chigurh (Javier Bardem) locates Moss and his money, Vietnam veteran Moss makes a run for it. With bodies falling everywhere Anton goes, it's only a matter of time before he catches up with Llewelyn. Whilst all this is going on, Sheriff Ed Tom Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) is overseeing the investigation and begins to see the country in a different light than it once was.::FilmFanUk", 'After he finds $2 million in the desert where a drug deal has apparently gone wrong, working man Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) finds himself on the run. His pursuer is Anton Chigurh (Javier Bardem), an unemotional killer with a unique murder weapon at his disposal. Throughout, soon to be retired Sheriff Ed Tom Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) attempts to convince Moss, mostly through his wife Carla Jean, that he should turn the money over to the authorities or this could all end in tragedy.::garykmcd']
['A man seeks answers about life, death, and the existence of God as he plays chess against the Grim Reaper during the Black Plague.::Joa', 'A Knight and his squire are home from the crusades. Black Death is sweeping their country. As they approach home, Death appears to the knight and tells him it is his time. The knight challenges Death to a chess game for his life. The Knight and Death play as the cultural turmoil envelopes the people around them as they try, in different ways, to deal with the upheaval the plague has caused.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>', "Returning home from the Crusades, Swedish knight Antonius Block and his squire Jöns find the land ravaged by the plague. Block finds that people everywhere are living in fear believing it is God's punishment and that the end has come. Block has lost his faith and is looking for answers so when Death comes for him the knight challenges him to a game of chess. The countryside is bleak and many search for answers though none seem to be found. Block makes it to his home and believes he has the upper hand - but Death will have his way.::garykmcd", "In medieval times, Antonius Block, a knight, and his squire Jöns have just returned to their Swedish homeland after fighting in the Crusades, only to find the plague ravishing their country. In their travels toward home, Antonius, without Jöns' knowledge, comes across the personification of Death, who wants to take Antonius' life. Antonius has long felt Death's presence around him. As he feels he has more to do in his life, Antonius challenges Death to a chess match, the outcome which will determine Antonius' fate and that of others around him with regard to Death. Because of what has happened around him, Antonius has lost faith in God, and instead is looking for knowledge in why things happen. He feels he has one more important act in his life before he dies. In his continuing chess match and their trek toward home, Antonius and Jöns stumble across an acting troupe, who are performing among others a passion play. Antonius offers them safer travels with him and Jöns through the forest to his castle to avoid the plague. His time with the troupe may provide Antonius with some of those answers for which he is looking, especially his encounters with husband and wife, Jof and Mia, and their infant son, Mikael.::Huggo", "Max Von Sydow stars as a 14th century knight named Antonius Block, wearily heading home after ten years' worth of combat. Disillusioned by unending war, plague, and misery Block has concluded that God does not exist. As he trudges across the wilderness, Block is visited by Death (Bengt Ekerot), garbed in the traditional black robe. Unwilling to give up the ghost, Block challenges Death to a game of chess. If he wins, he lives -- if not, he'll allow Death to claim him.", 'When disillusioned Swedish knight Antonius Block returns home from the Crusades to find his country in the grips of the Black Death, he challenges Death to a chess match for his life. Tormented by the belief that God does not exist, Block sets off on a journey, meeting up with traveling players Jof and his wife, Mia, and becoming determined to evade Death long enough to commit one redemptive act while he still lives.::hassaanahmed-96661']
['After young Riley is uprooted from her Midwest life and moved to San Francisco, her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness - conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house, and school.::Anonymous', "Growing up can be a bumpy road, and it's no exception for Riley, who is uprooted from her Midwest life when her father starts a new job in San Francisco. Like all of us, Riley is guided by her emotions - Joy, Fear, Anger, Disgust and Sadness. The emotions live in Headquarters, the control center inside Riley's mind, where they help advise her through everyday life. As Riley and her emotions struggle to adjust to a new life in San Francisco, turmoil ensues in Headquarters. Although Joy, Riley's main and most important emotion, tries to keep things positive, the emotions conflict on how best to navigate a new city, house and school.::Pixar", "When a young girl named Riley is uprooted from her Midwestern lifestyle and moves to the busy and chaotic San Francisco, her emotions; Anger, Sadness, Disgust, Fear, and (her most important emotion) Joy, start to disagree on how to deal with this dramatic change, which causes problems up in Headquarters, the central living and working place for the five emotions. But, an accident involving Riley's happy memories changes her entire outlook. Joy and Sadness need to find her memories and return them to Headquarters before it's too late.", 'All of us have various brain functions that govern our response to various situations. The functions responsible for Happiness, Sadness, Fear, Anger and Disgust are characterized and the details of the activities they do to run the life of a young girl Riley right from her birth is what drives the story. When a sudden change in the life of Riley upsets their rhythm, they try to control the situation too much, which creates more confusion for her. Their adventures in an attempt to restore normalcy is what forms the crux of this movie.::PipingHotViews [Shriram]', 'Emotions run wild in the mind of a little girl who is uprooted from her peaceful life in the Midwest and forced to move to San Francisco in this Pixar adventure from director Pete Docter (Up, Monsters Inc.). Young Riley was perfectly content with her life when her father landed a new job in San Francisco, and the family moved across the country. Now, as Riley prepares to navigate a new city and attend a new school, her emotional headquarters becomes a hot bed of activity. As Joy (voice of Amy Poehler) attempts to keep Riley feeling happy and positive about the move, other emotions like Fear (voice of Bill Hader), Anger (voice of Lewis Black), Disgust (voice of Mindy Kaling) and Sadness (Phyllis Smith) make the transition a bit more complicated.', "Out of the blue, the cheerful eleven-year-old Minnesota girl and hockey aficionado, Riley, finds her world turn upside down, when her parents decide to make a fresh start in San Francisco. As a result, with Riley struggling to cope with the new reality, her young mind's emotional headquarters--where the fundamental feelings of Joy, Sadness, Anger, Disgust, and Fear reside--are forced to work double time. Now, as the situation spirals out of control, and desperate Joy tries her best to troubleshoot the unprecedented problem, something starts to happen in Riley's core memory sector. Will things get back to normal?::Nick Riganas"]
['In 1954, a U.S. Marshal investigates the disappearance of a murderer who escaped from a hospital for the criminally insane.::ahmetkozan', 'In 1954, up-and-coming U.S. marshal Teddy Daniels is assigned to investigate the disappearance of a patient from Boston\'s Shutter Island Ashecliffe Hospital. He\'s been pushing for an assignment on the island for personal reasons, but before long he thinks he\'s been brought there as part of a twisted plot by hospital doctors whose radical treatments range from unethical to illegal to downright sinister. Teddy\'s shrewd investigating skills soon provide a promising lead, but the hospital refuses him access to records he suspects would break the case wide open. As a hurricane cuts off communication with the mainland, more dangerous criminals "escape" in the confusion, and the puzzling, improbable clues multiply, Teddy begins to doubt everything - his memory, his partner, even his own sanity.::alfiehitchie', "Federal Marshall Teddy Daniels and his new partner Chuck Aule travel to a government-run institution for the criminally insane on Shutter Island, near Boston, when there is a report that a prisoner has gone missing. Daniels, weighed down with his own baggage, has his own reasons for wanting to get to the island. He is still traumatized from what he saw when his army unit liberated one of the Nazi concentration camps at the end of World War II, and still haunted by his wife's more-recent death in a fire. The head of the hospital, Dr. John Cawley, treats him decently, but others give the agents a cooler reception. Daniels particularly wants to find out what goes on in the ward that's reserved for the most serious offenders. As he begins to peel away the layers of deceit, it becomes obvious that not all is as it seems.::garykmcd", "Assigned the thorny task of investigating the incomprehensible disappearance of a deranged child-murderess, troubled U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels and his new partner, Chuck Aule, travel to Ashecliffe Hospital: Shutter Island's impregnable asylum for the criminally insane. Soon, within the dark purgatory's thick stone walls, indescribable nuances of medical malpractice suggest that the institution's cryptic senior psychiatrists must be hiding something. Then, a raging tempest traps patients and investigators alike in the dark off-shore prison, triggering Teddy's crippling migraines and gruesome flashbacks of a haunting past. Is the already perplexed detective losing his grip on reality?::Nick Riganas", "In 1954, Federal Marshal Teddy Daniels and his new partner Chuck Aule travel from Seattle to Shutter Island to investigate the disappearance of a patient there, Rachel Solando. She had been sectioned at the institution for dangerous criminals at Ashcliffe Hospital because she drowned her three kids. Teddy is a veteran WWII soldier, traumatized by the war experience in the liberation of the Dachau concentration camp and the loss of his beloved wife in a criminal fire. Teddy is unable to access the records of employees and patients and feels that the management by the Federal facility are obstructing his investigations. Severe migraines hit Teddy as a storm hits the island, and he and Chuck discover that they're stranded. Teddy interviews the internees and follows a lead to the lighthouse, where he discloses the mystery of Shutter Island.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil"]
["The youngest son of an alcoholic former boxer returns home, where he's trained by his father for competition in a mixed martial arts tournament - a path that puts the fighter on a collision course with his estranged, older brother.::Anonymous", "Two brothers face the fight of a lifetime - and the wreckage of their broken family - within the brutal, high-stakes world of Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighting in Lionsgate's action/drama, WARRIOR. A former Marine, haunted by a tragic past, Tommy Riordan returns to his hometown of Pittsburgh and enlists his father, a recovered alcoholic and his former coach, to train him for an MMA tournament awarding the biggest purse in the history of the sport. As Tommy blazes a violent path towards the title prize, his brother, Brendan, a former MMA fighter unable to make ends meet as a public school teacher, returns to the amateur ring to provide for his family. Even though years have passed, recriminations and past betrayals keep Brendan bitterly estranged from both Tommy and his father. But when Brendan's unlikely rise as an underdog sets him on a collision course with Tommy, the two brothers must finally confront the forces that tore them apart, all the while waging the most intense, winner-takes-all battle of their lives.::MConnell", "Organized fighting was a part of the Conlons' lives when brothers, Tommy Conlon and Brendan Conlon, were kids, with their father, Paddy Conlon, their trainer. Tommy has been estranged from both Brendan and Paddy for fourteen years, when Tommy ran off with his mother due to the abuse exacted by alcoholic Paddy. Tommy's gripe with Brendan was not running off with them - which Tommy saw as support for Paddy - instead starting life with his now wife, Tess. To support his family, Brendan now teaches high school science and has largely left his fighting life behind him. After his mother's death, Tommy served time in the military. Tommy returns home to find a changed Paddy, one who has been clean and sober for almost three years and who has rediscovered religion, both which he feels has completely turned his life around from who he was when Tommy left fourteen years ago, although Tommy is not convinced. The lives of the Conlons may intersect when they all fall back into mixed martial arts (MMA), Tommy in trying to discover what his post-military life holds, and as Brendan finds that his teaching is insufficient to pay all the family bills, with fighting and teaching seemingly incompatible. With a $5 million winner-takes-all prize for a MMA tournament as the carrot, Tommy and Brendan and by association Paddy's interrelationships may either be strengthen or further torn apart, both figuratively and literally, if they take part in this very public and potentially violent arena.::Huggo", "Two estranged brothers and Mixed Martial Arts fighters confront the forces that tore their family apart as they prepare to do battle in the ring in this drama from director Gavin O'Connor (Pride and Glory). Tommy Conlon (Tom Hardy) is an ex-Marine from Pittsburgh who's never quite shaken his troubled past. Upon learning that the purse in an upcoming MMA tournament is the largest in the league's history, Tommy recruits his father, Paddy (Nick Nolte), a former coach and recovering alcoholic, to whip him into shape in time for the competition. Meanwhile, as Tommy steadily ascends the ranks by defeating one powerful opponent after another, his brother, Brendan, struggles to provide for his family with his job as a public school teacher. A former MMA fighter with a devastating punch, Brendan begins to wonder if he, too, could have a shot at winning the coveted purse. In time, Brendan and Tommy both emerge as dark horse contenders in the competition, setting the two brothers on a brutal collision course. But Tommy and Brendan's biggest battle won't be fought in the ring -- it will be fought in their hearts and minds.", "After a long decade of estrangement with his repentant alcoholic father, the fresh-out-of-Iraq ex-Marine, Tommy Conlon, returns to his hometown of Pittsburgh, bent on getting back to the ring of Sparta: a winner-takes-all, no-holds-barred mixed martial arts tournament. As Tommy trains for the title and the $5 million purse, the underdog, Brendan--Tommy's alienated older brother, and high school science teacher who struggles to eke out a living--fights his way into the warlike tournament to save his family. Now--against the backdrop of bitter resentment, mutual animosity, and a troubled past--the two brothers will have to lock horns with each other in a brutal final battle. However, family is forever, through thick and thin. Amid pain and suffering, can Tommy and Brendan reconcile, and, maybe, find redemption?::Nick Riganas"]
['A Victorian surgeon rescues a heavily disfigured man who is mistreated while scraping a living as a side-show freak. Behind his monstrous façade, there is revealed a person of kindness, intelligence and sophistication.::Chris White', 'Joseph "John" Merrick is an intelligent and friendly man, but he is hated by his Victorian-era English society because he is severely deformed. Once he is discovered by a doctor, however, he is saved from his life in a freak show and he is treated like the human being that he really is.::Sam Cibula', 'In Victorian London, Dr. Frederick Treves with the London Hospital comes across a circus sideshow attraction run by a man named Bytes called "The Elephant Man". In actuality, the creature on display is indeed a man, twenty-one-year-old Joseph "John" Merrick, who has several physical deformities, including an oversized and disfigured skull, and an oversized and disfigured right shoulder. Brutish Bytes, his "owner", only wants whatever he can get economically by presenting Merrick as a freak. Treves manages to bring Merrick under his care at the hospital, not without several of its own obstacles, including being questioned by those in authority since Merrick cannot be cured. Treves initially believes Bytes\' assertion that mute Merrick is an imbecile, but ultimately learns that Merrick can speak and is a well-read and articulate man. As news of Merrick hits the London newspapers, he becomes a celebrated curiosity amongst London\'s upper class, including with Mrs. Kendal, a famed actress. Despite treated much more humanely, the question becomes whether Treves\' actions are a further exploitation of Merrick. And as Merrick becomes more famous, others try to get their two-cents worth from who still remains a curiosity and a freak to most, including to Bytes, who has since lost his meal ticket.::Huggo', 'Based on the true story of Joseph "John" Merrick, a nineteenth century Englishman afflicted with a disfiguring congenital disease. With the help of kindly Dr. Frederick Treves, Merrick attempts to regain the dignity he lost after years spent as a side-show freak.::Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu>']
['Renton, deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug scene, tries to clean up and get out, despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends.::Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>', "A wild, freeform, Rabelaisian trip through the darkest recesses of Edinburgh low-life, focusing on Mark Renton and his attempt to give up his heroin habit, and how the latter affects his relationship with family and friends: Sean Connery wannabe Sick Boy, dimbulb Spud, psycho Begbie, 14-year-old girlfriend Diane, and clean-cut athlete Tommy, who's never touched drugs but can't help being curious about them...::Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk>", "Renton is an Edinburgh lad with a heroin addiction problem. His best mates are: somewhat dimwitted but good-hearted Spud, also a heroin addict; con man Sick Boy, also a heroin addict who has steadfast opinions on the most renowned British actors; and Tommy, a clean cut athlete who doesn't use. The likelihood of Renton, Spud and/or Sick Boy leading Tommy astray are higher than the other way around as problems in Tommy's life resulting in him wanting to use are more likely than any of Renton, Spud or Sick Boy having a reason to follow Tommy's clean example. Renton, Spud and Sick Boy often use with Allison, the mother of an infant, they, including baby Dawn, congregating in Swanney's drug den. They also need to steal and rob to support their habit, those activities often with the assistance of their criminal acquaintance Begbie, whose violent tendencies can be ignited on the slightest provocation. Despite Renton, Spud and Sick Boy believing there is no better feeling than being high, Renton truly does want to quit using, or so he tells himself. The struggles Renton have in trying to get clean are presented. He may feel that other priorities in his life may help him, such as the love at first sight feelings he has for Diane, who he sees across a nightclub room but who may not be all she appears at first glance. Renton probably realizes that he can never get clean in his current environment, which includes hanging around with Spud, Sick Boy, Begbie, Allison and Swanney, but getting out from their influence may not be as easy as just physically leaving.::Huggo"]
['A boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist.::Mystic80', 'Malcom Crowe (Bruce Willis) is a child psychologist who receives an award on the same night that he is visited by a very unhappy ex-patient. After this encounter, Crowe takes on the task of curing a young boy with the same ills as the ex-patient (Donnie Wahlberg) . This boy "sees dead people". Crowe spends a lot of time with the boy much to the dismay of his wife (Olivia Williams). Cole\'s mom (Toni Collette) is at her wit\'s end with what to do about her son\'s increasing problems. Crowe is the boy\'s only hope.::Jeff Mellinger <jmell@uclink4.berkeley.edu>', "To wipe the slate clean and get a chance to redeem himself after that soul-scarring incident one year ago, the Philadelphia child psychologist, Dr Malcolm Crowe, decides to take on his first new case--the profoundly troubled eight-year-old boy, Cole Sear. Exhibiting the same symptoms like one of his former patients, Cole goes one step further by solemnly claiming he has the gift, or curse, of a rare and unwelcome sixth sense; the mysterious ability to see the dreadful and unquiet spectres of the deceased who linger in this earth. However, can a slowly-recovering sceptic believe, let alone, heal, a desperate soul crying for help? And, what if Cole's disturbingly recurring apparitions are not figments of an injured fantasy, but an irrefutable reality?::Nick Riganas", "Child psychologist Malcom Crowe (Bruce Willis)is one night visited by an ex-patient named Vincent Grey (Donnie Wahlberg) who is not just angry, but enraged. He wounds Crowe, then kills himself. A few months later Crowe is visited by a 9-year old boy named Cole (Haley Joel Osment). He sees dead people who do not know they are dead. Because of this, he is called a freak in school. Crowe, at first thinks he is seeing things, but after spending a lot of time with Cole (much to his wife's (Olivia Williams) dismay), he discovers Cole may be seeing dead people after all.::neo101", "Child psychiatrist Malcolm Crowe (Bruce Willis) is confronted one night by his former patient Vincent Gray (Donnie Wahlberg) who he failed to help. After Vincent shoots Crowe in the stomach and kills himself, Crowe can't stop thinking about it. A few months later he is hired to help a troubled boy named Cole Sear (Haley Joel Osment), who has many of the same problems Vincent had. Crowe sees a chance to redeem himself, but doubts his ability to reach the boy, particularly when Cole claims to see ghosts who don't know they're dead.::rmlohner"]
['A research team in Antarctica is hunted by a shape-shifting alien that assumes the appearance of its victims.::ahmetkozan', 'A US research station, Antarctica, early-winter 1982. The base is suddenly buzzed by a helicopter from the nearby Norwegian research station. They are trying to kill a dog that has escaped from their base. After the destruction of the Norwegian chopper the members of the US team fly to the Norwegian base, only to discover them all dead or missing. They do find the remains of a strange creature the Norwegians burned. The Americans take it to their base and deduce that it is an alien life form. After a while it is apparent that the alien can take over and assimilate into other life forms, including humans, and can spread like a virus. This means that anyone at the base could be inhabited by The Thing, and tensions escalate.::grantss', 'During an exploration in Antarctica, a group of researchers come across a Norwegian facility near their research station. They soon come to realize Something horrible happened there. After discovering that the Norwegians had stumbled across something horrific; they leave, but something comes back with them.', "An American scientific expedition to the frozen wastes of the Antarctic is interrupted by a group of seemingly mad Norwegians pursuing and shooting a dog. The helicopter pursuing the dog explodes, eventually leaving no explanation for the chase. During the night, the dog mutates and attacks other dogs in the cage and members of the team that investigate. The team soon realizes that an alien life-form with the ability to take over other bodies is on the loose and they don't know who may already have been taken over.::Goth <brooks@odie.ee.wits.ac.za>", 'In the midst of the Antartican snowfield, the scientists and workers of a small American research base are shocked when a helicopter begins to circle their camp, chasing and shooting at a dog. When the helicopter is destroyed and the passengers are killed, the dog is let into the base and the Americans begin to wonder what has actually happened. The helicopter has Norwegian markings, must be from the Norwegian base not too far from their own. A team of Americans are sent to the Norwegian base and find out what has happened. On arrival, they find that the place has been totally destroyed. They also discover a mangled body that looks as though it was once that of a person, which they bring back with them for further study. It is only then that the clues begin to add up; the dog morphs horribly into a strange creature that attacks the researchers. They manage to fight it off, but they come to a terrible conclusion: an alien with the power to transform and take the appearance of anybody else is amongst them. Who is infected already, and who can be trusted? Helicopter pilot R.J. MacReady sets out to find the answers to exactly that.::Tomius J. Barnard', "Members of an American scientific research outpost in Antarctica find themselves battling a parasitic alien organism capable of perfectly imitating its victims. They soon discover that this task will be harder than they thought, as they don't know which members of the team have already been assimilated and their paranoia threatens to tear them apart.::Denny Gibbons"]
["A pragmatic paleontologist visiting an almost complete theme park is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned dinosaurs to run loose.::steven-espinoza21", 'Huge advancements in scientific technology have enabled a mogul to create an island full of living dinosaurs. John Hammond has invited four individuals, along with his two grandchildren, to join him at Jurassic Park. But will everything go according to plan? A park employee attempts to steal dinosaur embryos, critical security systems are shut down and it now becomes a race for survival with dinosaurs roaming freely over the island.::Film_Fan', "On Isla Nublar, a new park has just been built with genetically engineered dinosaurs. Tragedy strikes when one of the workers is killed by a velociraptor. The founder of the park, John Hammond, (Sir Richard Attenborough) requests Paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant (Sam Neill) and his assistant, Dr. Ellie Sattler (Laura Dern) to come to the park and ensure that it is safe. Also joining them are Hammond's lawyer Donald Gennaro (Martin Ferrero) and chaotician Dr. Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum). When they reach the island, they are amazed to discover that Hammond has created living dinosaurs. However, at the same time, they all have their doubts. Later, Hammond's grandchildren Lex and Tim (Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello) join the group in a tour of the park. Sattler leaves the tour to take care of an ill triceratops. Soon the power in the park is shut down by computer systems geek Dennis Nedry (Wayne Knight), who wishes to steal embryos from the park to sell to a secret buyer. In the process, many dinosaurs escape their paddocks, including the deadly Tyrannosaurus Rex, who, during a thunderstorm, escapes his paddock and attacks the children, and eats Gennaro. Malcolm is injured and Grant and the children are then lost in the park. Meanwhile, Hammond, Sattler, and the rest of the operations team learn that Nedry (who in the meantime has been killed) has locked up the computer system to cover his tracks. They attempt to get power back in the park in order to escape the island. After shutting down the system, then restoring it, the group realizes that velociraptors are also on the loose, and are now on the hunt for the visitors.::ahmetkozan", "Paleontologists Alan Grant and Ellie Sattler and mathematician Ian Malcolm are among a select group chosen to tour an island theme park populated by dinosaurs created from prehistoric DNA. While the park's mastermind, billionaire John Hammond, assures everyone that the facility is safe, they find out otherwise when various ferocious predators break free and go on the hunt.::Jwelch5742", "In high hopes of putting the investors' minds at ease, John Hammond--the visionary billionaire entrepreneur, and founder of the bio-engineering company, InGen--calls in three experts to witness the wonders of the first-ever dinosaur preserve. There, in the isolated island of Isla Nublar, the visitors' wide-eyed excitement will soon turn into pure horror, when the palaeontologist, Dr Alan Grant, the palaeobotanist, Dr Ellie Sattler, and the cynical mathematician, Dr Ian Malcolm, come face-to-face with ferocious primaeval reptiles on the loose, after a devastating malfunction. Now, the ultimate apex-predator, the Tyrannosaurus Rex, is on the hunt for fresh meat. Can they escape from the terrors of Jurassic Park?::Nick Riganas", "On a remote island, a wealthy entrepreneur secretly creates a theme park featuring living dinosaurs drawn from prehistoric DNA. Before opening the attraction to the public, he invites a top paleontologist, a paleobotanist, a mathematician/theorist, and his two eager grandchildren to experience the park, and help calm anxious investors. However, their park visit is anything but tranquil as the park's security system breaks down, the prehistoric creatures break out, and the excitement builds to surprising results.::Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com>"]
['A manipulative woman and a roguish man conduct a turbulent romance during the American Civil War and Reconstruction periods.::Carl Schultz', "Scarlett is a woman who can deal with a nation at war, Atlanta burning, the Union Army carrying off everything from her beloved Tara, the carpetbaggers who arrive after the war. Scarlett is beautiful. She has vitality. But Ashley, the man she has wanted for so long, is going to marry his placid cousin, Melanie. Mammy warns Scarlett to behave herself at the party at Twelve Oaks. There is a new man there that day, the day the Civil War begins. Rhett Butler. Scarlett does not know he is in the room when she pleads with Ashley to choose her instead of Melanie.::Dale O'Connor <daleoc@interaccess.com>", "In the face of the imminent U.S. Civil War, the pampered socialite and petulant Southern Belle, Scarlett O'Hara, basks in the limelight, enjoying a lavish lifestyle. Knowing that the rich and red-hued soil of Tara--the ancestral cotton plantation in Georgia--is the only thing worth fighting for, the resilient woman will do everything in her power to control her destiny; including marrying the wrong men to maintain her enviable social status. However, death seems to follow Scarlett--and as she swears never to be poor again, standing on the sparkling ashes of her beloved but burned-to-the-ground home--the cynical playboy, Rhett Butler, offers a way out, and a new lease of life. Headstrong, passionate, and, above all, resolute, not even war--or death--can stand in Scarlett's way; nevertheless, love is delicate and elusive, and, somehow, it is always one step ahead of her. Has Scarlett's noble aspiration for a better future gone with the wind?::Nick Riganas", "The epic tale of a woman's life during one of the most tumultuous periods in America's history. From her young, innocent days on a feudalistic plantation to the war-torn streets of Atlanta; from her first love whom she has always desired to three husbands; from the utmost luxury to absolute starvation and poverty; from her innocence to her understanding and comprehension of life.::Luke C.", "This tale of the Old South from the start of the Civil War through to the period of reconstruction focuses on the beautiful Scarlett O'Hara. Before the start of the war life at the O'Hara plantation, Tara, could only be described as genteel. As for the young Scarlett, she is without doubt the most beautiful girl in the area and is always the belle of the ball. She is very much looking forward to a barbecue at the nearby Wilkes plantation as she will get to see the man she loves, Ashley Wilkes. She is more than a little dismayed when she hears that he is to marry his cousin Melanie Hamilton and in a fit of anger, she decides to marry Melanie's brother. War is soon declared and as always seems to be the case, men march off to battle thinking that it will only last a few weeks. Now living in Atlanta, Scarlett sees the ravages that war brings. She also becomes re-acquainted with Rhett Butler, whom she had first met at the Wilkes barbecue. Now a widow, she still pines for the married Ashley and dreams of his return. With the war lost however, she returns to Tara and faces the hardship of keeping her family together and Tara from being sold at auction to collect the taxes. She has becomes hardened and bitter and will do anything, including marrying her sister's beau, to ensure she will never again be poor and hungry. After becoming a widow for the second time, she finally marries the dashing Rhett but they soon find themselves working at cross-purposes, their relationship seemingly doomed from the outset.::garykmcd"]
['After living a life marked by coldness, an aging professor is forced to confront the emptiness of his existence.::Eugene Kim <genekim@concentric.net>', "With the exception of his elderly housekeeper Miss Agda who he treats almost like a surrogate platonic wife, widowed seventy-eight year old Dr. Isak Borg, a former medical doctor and professor, has retreated from any human contact, partly his own want but partly the decision of others who do not want to spend time with him because of his cold demeanor. He is traveling from his home in Stockholm to Lund to accept an honorary degree. Instead of flying as was the original plan, he decides to take the day long drive instead. Along for the ride is his daughter-in-law Marianne, who had been staying with him for the month but has now decided to go home. The many stops and encounters along the way make him reminisce about various parts of his life. Those stops which make him reminisce directly are at his childhood summer home, at the home of his equally emotionally cold mother, and at a gas station where the attendants praise him as a man for his work. But the lives of other people they encounter almost mirror his own, including hitchhikers Sara, Viktor and Anders - who remind him of his cousin Sara who he was going to marry, himself and his irresponsible brother Sigfrid who Sara eventually married - a bickering married couple Sten and Berit Alman, and Marianne and her husband and Isak's son Evald, whose marriage is as strained as was his own.::Huggo", "Dr. Isak Borg, now 78 years old, is traveling by car to Lund to receive an honorary degree at Lund cathedral. He's traveling with his daughter-in-law Marianne, who is married to his son Evald. Isak now lives a lonely life which, by his own admission, is partly his own fault having consciously withdrawn from most social interaction. Along the way he stops at his family's summer home where he spent time during the first 20 years of his life. It's the place where the wild strawberries grow and he recalls his beautiful cousin Sara to whom he was secretly engaged until his brother Sigfrid snatches her away. They give a ride to several people along the way including a girl - also named Sara - and her two friends along with a married couple who almost ran them off the road. Borg's reminiscences and disturbing dreams add to his melancholy as he questions some of the decisions he has made in his life.::garykmcd", "Dr. Isak Borg, 78, is a renowned physician and researcher. His life's experiences have left him cold, distant and uncaring. Now he is traveling to be awarded an honorary degree by a university, a reward for his life's work. Driving with his daughter-in-law Marianne, currently estranged from his son Ewald (whose personality seems to be following that of his father's), he finds himself reminiscing about his past, especially his 20s. He has also been having strange dreams, dreams that remind him of the person he has become, and potentially what lies ahead for him.::grantss", 'Professor of medicine Isak Borg travels to Lund University in order to receive his anniversary title. Along the road he meets strangers and relatives, and in his dreams he is confronted with his own past as well as fear of insufficiency.::Anders Andersson <andersa@DoCS.UU.SE>', 'Explores the disillusionment of an elderly physician, Professor Isak Borg, as he reflects upon his life and begins to perceive his mortality. As he travels to Lund to receive an honorary award after 50 years of medical practice, he finds himself repeatedly affected by intrusive dreams and hallucinations that expose his darkest fears. He slowly comes to realize that the choices he made in the past have created a cold and empty life, devoid of real meaning or value. Finally, he achieves redemption and reintegration through forgiveness and the love of his family.::Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu>']
['Held captive for 7 years in an enclosed space, a woman and her young son finally gain their freedom, allowing the boy to experience the outside world for the first time.::Jwelch5742', "ROOM tells the extraordinary story of Jack, a spirited 5-year-old who is looked after by his loving and devoted mother. Like any good mother, Ma dedicates herself to keeping Jack happy and safe, nurturing him with warmth and love and doing typical things like playing games and telling stories. Their life, however, is anything but typical--they are trapped--confined to a 10-by-10-foot space that Ma has euphemistically named Room. Ma has created a whole universe for Jack within Room, and she will stop at nothing to ensure that, even in this treacherous environment, Jack is able to live a complete and fulfilling life. But as Jack's curiosity about their situation grows, and Ma's resilience reaches its breaking point, they enact a risky plan to escape, ultimately bringing them face-to-face with what may turn out to be the scariest thing yet: the real world.::A24", 'Five year old Jack\'s entire life consists of his Ma and whatever he has where they live, Room. Room is an approximate ten by ten by ten foot cubed structure, out of which he\'s never been. Seven years ago, Ma - Joy Newsome, the daughter of Bob and Nancy Newsome - was abducted by "Old Nick", the man who is keeping them captive in Room, which is really a tool shed in his back yard, the shed\'s only door secured by a number coded keypad, the code which only Old Nick knows. They are dependent on Old Nick for their basic necessities, such as food, water, clothes and utilities. Whenever Old Nick does stay for extended visits in Room, Ma will not let Jack see him or visa versa, Jack who is supposed to hide "asleep" in the wardrobe. Old Nick has no desire to see his biological offspring anyway. To shield him from anything that is happening to them, Ma has told Jack that the two of them and Old Nick are the only real things, and that what Jack reads about in books or sees on television are all not real. Jack believes that Old Nick gets their food by magic from television. The only exposure they have to natural light is a skylight at the top of Room, out of which they can only see sky. Joy knows she can\'t kill Old Nick because they would still be locked in Room. Joy tried to escape only once before Jack was born, that attempt which failed and which resulted in her not having tried again... until now. She has made this decision to try to escape partly due to Jack\'s age where he can now understand things better, and an incident which showed Joy what were to happen if something truly did happen to Old Nick with them locked inside. If they are able to escape, not only would Jack be required to adjust to a life and a world he may have no comprehension about, but Joy may find that the outside world is much more difficult to adjust to than she imagines, and not only because of the changes to outside in seven years.::Huggo', "Five-year-old Jack's whole world is a confined, 11-by-11-foot locked space crammed with pictures, toys, and books--the Room. Of course, his young mother is in the room too, taking care of her only son, and making sure nothing bad happens to him--especially when Old Nick pays them a visit, and Jack starts hearing creaking sounds. However, one day, Ma says that there is a place outside their chamber where houses, trees, people, and dogs are real; a marvellous realm where the air is fresh, and the wide sky is blue. Could she be telling the truth? Is there, indeed, a life beyond the Room?::Nick Riganas"]
['A blade runner must pursue and terminate four replicants who stole a ship in space, and have returned to Earth to find their creator.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', 'In the twenty-first century, a corporation develops androids to be used as slaves in colonies outside of the Earth, identified as "replicants". In 2019, a former Police Officer is hired to hunt down a fugitive group of replicants living undercover in Los Angeles, California.::MadMovieManiac', 'In the early twenty-first century, the Tyrell Corporation, during what was called the Nexus phase, developed robots, called "replicants", that were supposed to aid society, the replicants which looked and acted like humans. When the superhuman generation Nexus 6 replicants, used for dangerous off-Earth endeavors, began a mutiny on an off-Earth colony, replicants became illegal on Earth. Police units, called "blade runners", have the job of destroying - or in their parlance "retiring" - any replicant that makes its way back to or created on Earth, with anyone convicted of aiding or assisting a replicant being sentenced to death. It\'s now November, 2019 in Los Angeles, California. Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), a former blade runner, is called out of retirement when four known replicants, most combat models, have made their way back to Earth, with their leader being Roy Batty (Rutger Hauer). One, Leon Kowalski (Brion James), tried to infiltrate his way into the Tyrell Corporation as an employee, but has since been able to escape. Beyond following Leon\'s trail in hopes of finding and retiring them all, Deckard believes part of what will help him is figuring out what the replicants wanted with the Tyrell Corporation in trying to infiltrate it. The answer may lie with Tyrell\'s fail-safe backup mechanism. Beyond tracking the four, Deckard faces a possible dilemma in encountering a fifth replicant: Rachael (Sean Young), who works as Tyrell\'s assistant. The issue is that Dr. Elden Tyrell (Joe Turkel) is experimenting with her, to provide her with fake memories so as to be able to better control her. With those memories, Rachael has no idea that she is not human. The problem is not only Rachael\'s assistance to Deckard, but that he is beginning to develop feelings for her.::Huggo', 'In a cyberpunk vision of the future, man has developed the technology to create replicants - humanoid androids with short, fixed lifespans - which are illegal on Earth, but are used in the off-world colonies. In Los Angeles, California, 2019, Deckard is a "blade runner", a cop who specializes in terminating replicants. He is forced to come out of retirement when four replicants escape from an off-world colony and come to Earth.::Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk>', 'Los Angeles, California, 2019: Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford) of the L.A.P.D.\'s Blade Runner unit prowls the steel and microchip jungle of the twenty-first century for assumed humanoids known as "replicants". Replicants were declared illegal after a bloody mutiny on an off-world colony, and are to be terminated upon detection. Man\'s obsession with creating a being equal to himself has backfired.::Matt McQuillan <mjment@hotmail.com>', 'Rick Deckard (Harrison Ford), a Policeman of the future, hunts down and terminates replicants, artificially created humans. He wants to get out of the force, but is drawn back in when four "skin jobs", a slang term for replicants, hijack a ship back to Earth. The city in which Deckard must search for his prey is a huge, sprawling, bleak vision of the future. This movie questions what it is to be human, and why life is so precious.::Greg Bole <bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu>']
['After his son is captured in the Great Barrier Reef and taken to Sydney, a timid clownfish sets out on a journey to bring him home.::Chris White', "A clown fish named Marlin lives in the Great Barrier Reef and loses his son, Nemo, after he ventures into the open sea, despite his father's constant warnings about many of the ocean's dangers. Nemo is abducted by a boat and netted up and sent to a dentist's office in Sydney. While Marlin ventures off to try to retrieve Nemo, Marlin meets a fish named Dory, a blue tang suffering from short-term memory loss. The companions travel a great distance, encountering various dangerous sea creatures such as sharks, anglerfish and jellyfish, in order to rescue Nemo from the dentist's office, which is situated by Sydney Harbour. While the two are searching the ocean far and wide, Nemo and the other sea animals in the dentist's fish tank plot a way to return to the sea to live their lives free again.::David Morris", "Marlin, a clown fish, is overly cautious with his son, Nemo, who has a foreshortened fin. When Nemo swims too close to the surface to prove himself, he is caught by a diver, and horrified Marlin must set out to find him. A blue reef fish named Dory -- who has a really short memory -- joins Marlin and complicates the encounters with sharks, jellyfish, and a host of ocean dangers. Meanwhile, Nemo plots his escape from a dentist's fish tank.::Jwelch5742", 'A young clownfish named Nemo is captured by underwater sea divers and taken to a dentist office located in a wonderful city called Sydney Harbour! Marlon, Nemos father is out on a journey to retrieve Nemo and bring him back home. Marlon meets a dim-witted and memory losing fish named Dory who tries to help Marlon along the way. Nemo and the other fish in the fish tank plan an escape attempting to finally get back into the fresh open water.::Steve Shedloski', 'When his son, Nemo is taken from him by a diver, Marlin the clown fish sets off on a journey to rescue him. Together with Dory, a blue tang fish with short term memory loss, they set off through the oceans, whilst joining a club with sharks, dodging jellyfish, and hooking a ride with turtles. Whilst this is happening, Nemo and his new tank friends hatch a plan to escape from their new home.::FilmFanUk', "Marlin (a clown fish) is a widower who only has his son Nemo left of his family after a predator attack. Years later, on Nemo's first day of school, he's captured by a scuba diver and taken to live in a dentist office's fish tank. Marlin and his new absent-minded friend Dory set off across the ocean to find Nemo, while Nemo and his tank mates scheme on how to get out of the tank before he becomes the dentist's niece's new pet.::TonyB", "A tale which follows the comedic and eventful journeys of two fish, the fretful Marlin and his young son Nemo, who are separated from each other in the Great Barrier Reef when Nemo is unexpectedly taken from his home and thrust into a fish tank in a dentist's office overlooking Sydney Harbor. Buoyed by the companionship of a friendly but forgetful fish named Dory, the overly cautious Marlin embarks on a dangerous trek and finds himself the unlikely hero of an epic journey to rescue his son. Meanwhile, the young Nemo hatches a few daring plans of his own to return home safely.::Sujit R. Varma"]
['British POWs are forced to build a railway bridge across the river Kwai for their Japanese captors, not knowing that the allied forces are planning to destroy it.::Chris White', "During WW II, allied POWs in a Japanese internment camp are ordered to build a bridge to accommodate the Burma-Siam railway. Their instinct is to sabotage the bridge, but under the leadership of Colonel Nicholson they're persuaded the bridge should be built to help morale, spirit. At first, the prisoners admire Nicholson when he bravely endures torture rather than compromise his principles for the benefit of Japanese Commandant Colonel Saito, but soon they realise it's a monument to Nicholson, himself, as well as a form of collaboration with the enemy.::alfiehitchie", "During World War II, the Japanese have a P.O.W. camp in Indochina on an island on the River Kwai. The primary purpose of this location is so the Japanese can use the labor of the P.O.W.s to construct a railway bridge over the river, the bridge which will be a vital link for the Japanese forces in the war. It needs to be completed in five month's time. The camp's presided over by Col. Saito a man ruled by a mixture of Japanese cultural tradition and the need to win the war at any cost, even if it includes torture. Amongst the officers at the camp are Col. Nicholson - senior British officer; Against these 2 men, diametrically opposed, the bridge is to be built, but, at what cost?::Huggo", "In Burma during World War II, a group of British prisoners of war is commanded by the warden of the Japanese camp they're being held captive in, Colonel Saito, to build a bridge over the River Kwai. The senior officer of the capitulated brigade, Colonel Nicolson, conflicts with Saito over the order, which obliges the British officers to perform work on the bridge as well. As punishment, the officers and the colonel are locked away, and the demoralized men are sent off to work. Nicholson and the officers are after some time released by and put in charge of their men by a desperate Saito, who fear that the lackluster work morale of the prisoners may cause the bridge to not be completed in time, which would in turn force him to commit seppuku. After the change in authority, work seems to be going on the way, but unbeknownst to the two colonels, escaped former inmate US Commander Shears is leading a mission from Ceylon with the goal of blowing up the bridge on the River Kwai.::goddangwatir"]
['A guide leads two men through an area known as the Zone to find a room that grants wishes.::Karl Krejci', 'In a small, unnamed country there is an area called the Zone. It is apparently inhabited by aliens and contains the Room, where in it is believed wishes are granted. The government has declared The Zone a no-go area and have sealed off the area with barbed wire and border guards. However, this has not stopped people from attempting to enter the Zone. We follow one such party, made up of a writer, who wants to use the experience as inspiration for his writing, and a professor, who wants to research the Zone for scientific purposes. Their guide is a man to whom the Zone is everything, the Stalker.::grantss', 'Two men and their guide, a \'stalker\', travel through a mysterious and forbidden territory in the wilderness called \'the zone." In the zone, nothing is what it seems. In the zone, there\'s said to be a bunker, which contains: a \'magical\' room, where people who make wishes...come true. Only by following the Stalker\'s lead can the two men hope to make it to the bunker - and the room. As they travel, they realise it may take something more than just determination to succeed.', 'In the heart of the bleak and barren Zone--an out-of-bounds wilderness, and the cancerous epicentre of an unspeakable tragedy--lies the mystical location people refer to only as "The Room". Imbued with the unfathomable capacity for granting one\'s impatient wishes, two men, the Writer and the Professor, enlist the help of the altruistic guide, Stalker, to visit the restricted area. In high hopes of finding inspiration and enlightenment, the ambitious dreamers stick to their experienced tracker until they arrive at the alleged source of metaphysical power; however, are they worthy of the ultimate truth?::Nick Riganas', "Near a gray and unnamed city is the Zone, an alien place guarded by barbed wire and soldiers. Over his wife's objections, a man rises in the early morning and leaves her with their disabled daughter to meet two men. He's a Stalker, one of a handful who have the mental gifts (and who risk imprisonment) to lead people into the Zone to the Room, a place where one's secret hopes come true. His clients are a burned out popular writer, cynical, and questioning his talent; and a quiet scientist more concerned about his knapsack than the journey. In the deserted Zone, the approach to the Room must be indirect. As they draw near, the rules seem to change and the stalker faces a crisis.::<jhailey@hotmail.com>"]
['An insurance salesman discovers his whole life is actually a reality TV show.::BCDavis <wdavis@netins.net>', "Since birth, a big fat lie defines the well-organised but humdrum life of the kind-hearted insurance salesman and ambitious explorer, Truman Burbank. Utterly unaware of the thousands of cleverly hidden cameras watching his every move, for nearly three decades, Truman's entire existence pivots around the will and the wild imagination of the ruthlessly manipulative television producer, Christof--the all-powerful TV-God of an extreme 24/7 reality show: The Truman Show. As a result, Truman's picturesque neighbourhood with the manicured lawns and the uncannily perfect residents is nothing but an elaborate state-of-the-art set, and the only truth he knows is what the worldwide television network and its deep financial interests dictate. Do lab rats know they are forever imprisoned?::Nick Riganas", 'Truman is a man whose life is a fake one. The place he lives is, in fact, a big studio with hidden cameras everywhere, and all his friends and people around him, are actors who play their roles in the most popular TV-series in the world: The Truman Show. Truman thinks that he is an ordinary man with an ordinary life and has no idea about how he is exploited. Until one day he finds out everything. Will he react?::Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com>', 'Truman Burbank is a normal man, living in a normal town. He grew up to be a desk clerk for a insurance company, living an ordinary life, having an ordinary wife, an ordinary neighbour and an ordinary bud, who pops in from time to time with a sixpack. But Truman is not happy with his life. He wants to see the world. He wants to get away from his happy-happy, ever tidy, nice\'n\'shiny little island town at the seaside. In reality, Truman was an unwanted pregnancy. His "father", Christof, a reckless TV-Producer whom he never met, made up the Truman Show - the greatest show on earth - a show in which life is live. So, everyone around poor Truman is an actor with a little headphone in the ear. One day, Truman accidentally bumps into a catering area backstage and gets pretty suspicious. His plan now is: Pretend to be sleeping and steal away...::Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com>', 'Truman Burbankis happy with his life. He is a successful business man, he has a nice wife and many friends. However, Truman finds his life is getting very repetitive. Actually every moment of his life is being filmed, being watched by millions, and that his world is limited in a small Hollywood film set. Truman decides to follow his discovery no matter how hard and how much it pains him.::Christian', "He's the star of the show--but he doesn't know. Truman Burbank is a man whose life is a nonstop TV show. Truman doesn't realize that his quaint hometown is a giant studio set run by a visionary producer/director/creator, that folks living and working there are Hollywood actors, that even his incessantly bubbly wife is a contract player. Gradually, Truman gets wise. And what he does about his discovery will have you laughing, crying and cheering."]
['After awakening from a four-year coma, a former assassin wreaks vengeance on the team of assassins who betrayed her.::Qrrbirbel and Brian McInnis', "The lead character, called 'The Bride,' was a member of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, led by her lover 'Bill.' Upon realizing she was pregnant with Bill's child, 'The Bride' decided to escape her life as a killer. She fled to Texas, met a young man, who, on the day of their wedding rehearsal was gunned down by an angry and jealous Bill (with the assistance of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad). Four years later, 'The Bride' wakes from a coma, and discovers her baby is gone. She, then, decides to seek revenge upon the five people who destroyed her life and killed her baby. The saga of Kill Bill Volume I begins.::JD", 'A young woman in El Paso, Texas, awakens after a four year long coma to find her baby daughter gone and immediately swears revenge on the people that put her in this position. As her story unfolds we learn that the mysterious woman had a really checkered past and was a member of an elite squad of assassins and highly trained in martial arts and advanced sword fighting. Her plans to get married and live a peaceful life were quickly taken away from her by her boss, known only as "Bill". Bill and the remaining members of his elite squad stage an attack on her wedding, leaving no witnesses behind. The woman, known only as "The Bride", heads to Pasadena, CA to confront another on her list, and then to Okinawa, Japan, where she meets a highly sought after blade maker named Hattori Hanzo. Hanzo, who had given up the craft several years ago, is reluctant to help The Bride at first, crafts her a new sword which she uses to take out her revenge. Now heading to Tokyo, The Bride sets her sight on the next member of her list - O\'Ren Ishii, the head of the Japanese mafia, and her own private army who she used to carry out the attack on The Bride\'s wedding. Will The Bride carry out her plans and give Bill his just desserts?::halo1k', '"The Bride" was the deadliest assassin of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, until the day she decided to leave the business, assume a new identity, and get married. But it was on the day of her marriage that her old "friends" - O-Ren Ishii, Vernita Green, Budd, and Elle Driver, not to mention her boss, Bill - find her and assassinate the entire ceremony while Bill shoots her in the head, putting her in a coma. Well, Bill and his people should have tried a little harder because, after four years, the Bride has awakened from her coma. And Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned...::Will', 'Beatrix Kiddo a.k.a The Bride is a female assassin, a trained killer who has been betrayed by The Deadly Viper Assassination Squad led by her former boss Bill who gunned her down at her wedding leaving her for dead. The Bride awakes four years later and she sets out to begin her quest for vengeance. With help of one of Bill\'s former tutors, retired sword maker Hattori Hanzo, The Bride sets out to eliminate her first two targets on her list: Vernita Green, who has retired from the Deadly Viper Assassin Squad and has a daughter and O-Ren Ishii, who is now the kingpin of the Toyko criminal underworld and leader of the "Crazy 88" crime gang. The Bride, engaging in a roaring rampage of revenge, will not rest until every member of The Deadly Viper Assassin Squad is dead and she will save Bill for last.::Daniel Williamson', "The Deadly Viper Assassination Squad consists of five most deadly killers, led by Bill. There is O'Ren-Ishii as Cottonmouth, Elle Driver as California Mountain Snake, Vernita Green as Copperhead, Budd as Sidewinder. And there is The Bride, whose name is not spoken, who wanted to quit because she was pregnant. One day, somewhere in the Texas desert, The Bride wanted to marry the love of her life. Then Bill and her former colleagues showed up and killed everyone there. But they did not do a good enough job: The Bride survives, barely, and is in a coma for four years. Her colleagues know this but won't kill her in her sleep, it would just ruin the reputation. One day, The Bride awakens. For her, not a second has consciously passed, and after she realizes all the things that have happened, The Bride decides to take revenge. Bloody revenge. On each single one of those who betrayed her. First on her death list is Cottonmouth, who has become the yakuza boss of Tokyo, Japan, second in line is Copperhead, who chose a more decent life as well. The Bride sets out to take back what was once hers: Her life.::Chris Goodrich"]
['An ex-prize fighter turned longshoreman struggles to stand up to his corrupt union bosses.::jgp3553', "Terry Malloy dreams about being a prize fighter, while tending his pigeons and running errands at the docks for Johnny Friendly, the corrupt boss of the dockers union. Terry witnesses a murder by two of Johnny's thugs, and later meets the dead man's sister and feels responsible for his death. She introduces him to Father Barry, who tries to force him to provide information for the courts that will smash the dock racketeers.::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>", "A longshoreman and ex boxer named Terry Malloy witnesses a murder perpetrated by his corrupt union. When a beautiful young woman comes into the picture that just so happens to be the murdered man's sister, Terry feels obligated to stand up to his bosses as a result of his recent relations with her.::drewsoccer707", 'Terry Malloy is an ex prize-fighter who works on the docks doing errands for corrupt union boss "Friendly Johnny". After witnessing the murder of one of the dock men, he takes a second look into the men he is working for. He feels guilty about the death of the young man after falling for his sister and meeting "Father Barry" in his campaign to take down the evil longshoremen union bosses in the courts.::eljohnson3742', "Dockworker Terry Malloy had been an up-and-coming boxer until powerful local mob boss Johnny Friendly persuaded him to throw a fight. When a longshoreman is murdered before he can testify about Friendly's control of the Hoboken waterfront, Terry teams up with the dead man's sister Edie and the streetwise priest Father Barry to testify himself, against the advice of Friendly's lawyer, Terry's older brother Charley.::Jwelch5742", "The Waterfront Crime Commission is about to hold public hearings on union crime and underworld infiltration. As workers are turned against each other, Terry Malloy inadvertently participates in the murder of fellow longshoreman Joey Doyle. Union boss Johnny Friendly orchestrates the murder along with other illegal dockside activities, aided by Terry's brother Charley. Terry begins to feel pangs of conscience. When Joey's sister Edie sees more in Terry than he sees in himself and Father Barry urges him on, Terry reassesses his past and begins to regain responsibility for his actions.::Bruce Janson <bruce@cs.su.oz.au>"]
["Jerry Lundegaard's inept crime falls apart due to his and his henchmen's bungling and the persistent police work of the quite pregnant Marge Gunderson.::Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>", "Jerry works in his father-in-law's car dealership and has gotten himself in financial problems. He tries various schemes to come up with money needed for a reason that is never really explained. It has to be assumed that his huge embezzlement of money from the dealership is about to be discovered by father-in-law. When all else falls through, plans he set in motion earlier for two men to kidnap his wife for ransom to be paid by her wealthy father (who doesn't seem to have the time of day for son-in-law). From the moment of the kidnapping, things go wrong and what was supposed to be a non-violent affair turns bloody with more blood added by the minute. Jerry is upset at the bloodshed, which turns loose a pregnant sheriff from Brainerd, MN who is tenacious in attempting to solve the three murders in her jurisdiction.::Anonymous", "Jerry Lundegard is in an unknown financial jam and wants his father-in-law's money to solve it. His plan to get the money involves hiring Carl Showalter and Gaer Grimsrud to kidnap his wife, and then splitting the ransom with the criminals. However, this quickly falls apart after three killings and the persistent work of chirpy but efficient police chief, the pregnant Marge Gunderson.", "Based on a true story, a car salesman in Minneapolis, MN, Jerry Lundegard hires two criminals to kidnap his wife. Her father is wealthy and Jerry needs the money. However, things don't go according to plan and soon three people are dead outside of Brainerd, MN. The 7-month pregnant Sheriff of Brainerd, Marge Gunderson is soon on the case, and she is very intuitive and resourceful...::grantss", 'Jerry Lundegaard is in a financial jam and, out of desperation, comes up with a plan to hire someone to kidnap his wife and demand ransom from her wealthy father, to be secretly split between Jerry and the perpetrators. Jerry, who is not the most astute of individuals, hires a couple of real losers from the frozen northern reaches of Fargo, North Dakota for the job. Then things begin to slip from bad to worse as Jerry helplessly watches on.::Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu>', "Jerry hires two men to kidnap his wife so he can get his rich father in law to pay the ransom of $1 million. Once the ransom is paid the kidnappers will get $40,000 and Jerry gets the rest. That's the plan, but what happens is something totally different. Blood is shed when a cop and two innocent people are killed. Marge Gunderson is the Chief who investigates the murders. While Marge investigates, Jerry gets involved in deeper problems, ranging from financial troubles, to threats from the kidnappers.::Lisa Walker"]
['Pulp novelist Holly Martins travels to shadowy, postwar Vienna, only to find himself investigating the mysterious death of an old friend, Harry Lime.::Anonymous', "An out of work pulp fiction novelist, Holly Martins, arrives in a post war Vienna divided into sectors by the victorious allies, and where a shortage of supplies has led to a flourishing black market. He arrives at the invitation of an ex-school friend, Harry Lime, who has offered him a job, only to discover that Lime has recently died in a peculiar traffic accident. From talking to Lime's friends and associates Martins soon notices that some of the stories are inconsistent, and determines to discover what really happened to Harry Lime.::Mark Thompson <mrt@oasis.icl.co.uk>", "Pulp novelist Holly Martins, portrayed by Joseph Cotten, has traveled to Vienna because his friend, Harry Lime, portrayed by Orson Welles, has offered him a job. However, upon his arrival, Martins is told that Lime died in an accident. Driven to investigate Lime's death, Martins soon discovers incredible dark secrets about Lime's life and death.::trivwhiz", "In the post Second World War, the unemployed pulp fiction writer Holly Martins arrives in Vienna to meet with his old friend from school, Harry Lime, who has offered him a job. On the arrival, he learns that Harry has just died, hit by a truck in front of his building, and he goes to his funeral. Holly Martins sees a beautiful woman, Anna Schmidt, and a friend of Harry and sooner he learns that Anna was Harry's lover. Maj. Calloway, who is commanding the investigation, offers the ticket to Holly return home, but while waiting for the trip, he talks to two friends of Harry that tell that they had been the firsts to help his friend. However, the porter of Harry's building tells that there was a mysterious third man that helped Harry and Holly Martins becomes intrigued with the inconsistency and decides to investigate further. Sooner he discloses that Harry Lime was the leader of a gang that robbed penicillin from the military hospital to adulterate and resell it, and has caused the death and anomalies in many children. He continues to investigate and he has a great surprise when he finds who the third man is.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "An American pulp writer arrives in post-WWII Vienna only to find that the friend who waited for him is killed under mysterious circumstances. The ensuing mystery entangles him in his friend's involvement in the black market, with the multinational police, and with his Czech girlfriend.::Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca>"]
["Disgruntled Korean War veteran Walt Kowalski sets out to reform his neighbor, Thao Lor, a Hmong teenager who tried to steal Kowalski's prized possession: a 1972 Gran Torino.", "Walt Kowalski (Clint Eastwood) is a widower who holds onto his prejudices despite the changes in his Michigan neighborhood and the world around him. Kowalski is a grumpy, tough-minded, unhappy old man who can't get along with either his kids or his neighbors. He is a Korean War veteran whose prize possession is a 1972 Gran Torino he keeps in mint condition. When his neighbor Thao Lor (Bee Vang), a young Hmong teenager under pressure from his gang member cousin, tries to steal his Gran Torino, Kowalski sets out to reform the youth. Drawn against his will into the life of Thao's family, Kowalski is soon taking steps to protect them from the gangs that infest their neighborhood.::alfiehitchie", "Walt Kowalski (Clint Eastwood) is an embittered Korean War veteran who has just lost his wife. The world has changed around him as well. His once all-white neighborhood is now mostly Southeast Asian and he has a Hmong family living next door. He doesn't get along with his sons and is out of touch with his grandchildren, all of whom seem more interested in getting his house than anything else. His pride and joy, however, is his mint condition 1972 Gran Torino. When the Hmong teenager who lives next door, Thao Lor (Bee Vang), is challenged by his cousin and other local gang members to steal it, Walt almost shoots him. Gradually, however, he realizes he has more in common with his neighbors than his own family, and becomes something of a neighborhood hero when he prevents the gangbangers from forcing Thao into their car. He gradually takes Thao under his wing, teaching him a few things about life and helps getting him a job. Walt's intervention has a price, however, when the gang shoots up Thao's house and attack his sister Sue (Ahney Her). For Walt, it's time to take action, though not in a way you would expect.::garykmcd", 'Walt Kowalski (Clint Eastwood) is a retired auto worker and Korean War veteran living in Detroit, Michigan. Recently widowed, Walt lives alone with his dog in a crime-infested neighborhood and has a strained relationship with his family. A Hmong family moves next door to Walt but he wants nothing to do with them. One night, one of the members of the family, Thao Lor (Bee Vang), is coaxed by his cousin "Spider" (Doua Moua), a gang member, to steal Walt\'s prized Gran Torino. Thao botches the theft after getting caught by Walt. However, the duo reluctantly start a friendship as Walt seeks to straighten out Thao. As Walt\'s relationship with Thao extends to Thao\'s family, Walt is forced to defend them from Spider and his gang who begin to routinely attack Thao and his family.::Sam', "Elderly Walt Kowalski (Clint Eastwood) is recently widowed. Much of Walt's views of life are shaped by his time in the Korean War. On strained relations with his grown sons and not wanting the advice of the Priest, Father Janovich (Christopher Carley), of his wife's church, Walt is a gruff man who has few friends. As such, he lives a solitary life with his pet Labrador retriever Daisy in the same house in which he has lived for years, which is located in a working class Highland Park, Michigan neighborhood. Recently, the neighborhood has gone through changes where it is now racially mixed. The Lor family, of ethnic Hmong descent, move into the house next door to Walt's, the family which includes two teenagers, streetwise Sue (Ahney Her) and shy Thao (Bee Vang). Initially, Walt wants nothing to do with his new foreign neighbors. Slowly, Walt does get involved in Sue and Thao's lives, despite Thao having once tried to steal Walt's beloved 1972 Gran Torino. That attempted theft was a Hmong gang initiation ritual, a gang to which Thao does not want to belong. Walt sees that Sue and Thao will never be able to live in peace as long as that gang exists. As his teen-aged neighbors' unofficial protector, Walt has to figure out how best to restore his sense of right in the neighborhood.::Huggo", 'In Detroit, Michigan, grumpy widower Walt Kowalski (Clint Eastwood) is a Korean War veteran full of prejudice that has just lost his beloved wife Dorothy. He is one of the last Caucasian people in his neighborhood and does not have good relationship with his sons and their families; therefore he is a lonely man. When teenage neighbor Thao Lor (Bee Vang) is pressed by his cousin Smokie (Sonny Vue) to join his Hmong gang, he is assigned to steal the 1972 Gran Torino belonging to Walt as part of his initiation in the gang. However, he is surprised by the old man and his traditional family feels ashamed with the incident. Later, Walt saves Thao and his sister Sue (Ahney Her) from gangs and he has the gratitude of his next door neighbors and the neighborhood. On the day of his birthday, Walt is invited by Sue to join her family reunion and he begins a relationship with his neighbors, helping Thao to get a job. However, he realizes that the Hmong gang disturbs the neighborhood and after a cowardly attack of the gangster, Walt decides to take an ultimate attitude.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
['An old couple visit their children and grandchildren in the city, but receive little attention.::J. Spurlin', 'Elderly couple Shukishi and Tomi Hirayama live in the small coastal village of Onomichi, Japan with their youngest daughter, schoolteacher Kyoko Hirayama. Their other three surviving adult children, who they have not seen in quite some time, live either in Tokyo or Osaka. As such, Shukishi and Tomi make the unilateral decision to have an extended visit in Tokyo with their children, pediatrician Koichi Hirayama and beautician Shige Kaneko, and their respective families (which includes two grandchildren). In transit, they make an unexpected stop in Osaka and stay with their other son, Keiso Hirayama. All of their children treat the visit more as an obligation than a want, each trying to figure out what to do with their parents while they continue on with their own daily lives. At one point, they even decide to ship their parents off to an inexpensive resort at Atami Hot Springs rather than spend time with them. The only offspring who makes a concerted effort on this trip is Noriko Hirayama, their widowed daughter-in-law, whose husband, Shoji Hirayama, was killed eight years earlier in the war. Following the vacation, each child comes to some conclusion of their general behavior toward their parents, not only on this trip but throughout their entire adult lives. For some, this realization may come too late.::Huggo', 'In Onomichi, Hiroshima, the retired Shukishi Hirayama and his wife Tomi Hirayama live with their single daughter, the teacher Kyôko. They decide to travel in a long voyage by train to Tokyo to visit their children, the doctor Koichi Hirayama and the hairdresser Shige Kaneko. However, the indifferent and selfish Koichi and Shige can not afford time to spend with their parents but the widow sister-in-law Noriko Hirayama gives attention to them and goes on sightseeing through Tokyo with the old couple. Shukishi and Tomi note that their children do not have time for them and they decide to return to Onomichi. Along their trip, Tomi does not feel well and they stop in Osaka to visit their son Keizo Hirayama. Soon each son and daughter receives a telegram from Onomichi with sad news.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'An elderly couple, Shukishi and Tomi, travel from Hiroshima to Tokyo to visit their children. The trip is arduous for the humble, elderly couple who are keen to see their children again. Their son, Koichi, is a doctor and is often away from home. Their daughter Shige finds their visit to be a costly imposition on her time. The only person who seems to care about them is their widowed daughter-in-law Noriko. Their stay in Tokyo proves to be a sad one as they soon come to realize they are not particularly welcome and that their children see the visit more as a nuisance than anything else. As Tomi begins to feel unwell, they decide to return home but must face a tragic end.::garykmcd', 'An elderly couple head to Tokyo to spend a few days with their children and grandchildren. While their children are initially glad to see them, and the parents are models of patience and pleasantness, the novelty wears off pretty quickly for the children and they soon view the parents as a hindrance more than anything else. Then an event highlights the divide between the two generations.::grantss', "The ageing couple of Shukishi, and his wife, Tomi, leave their small rural village of Onomichi to visit their married children and grandchildren in bustling post-war Tokyo. However, their offspring's reaction is far from what they expected: the reception of their elder son, the always busy, Dr Koichi, is utterly disappointing. Now, against the backdrop of unconscious but majestic indifference and silently culpable neglect, love turns into guilt; hope transforms into failure, and dreams suffocate in an abysmal generation gap. Can a simple trip to Tokyo expose the essence of loneliness and the frail existence of man?::Nick Riganas"]
['An in-depth examination of the ways in which the U.S. Vietnam War impacts and disrupts the lives of people in a small industrial town in Pennsylvania.::Murray Chapman <muzzle@imdb.com>', 'Michael, Steven and Nicky are 3 best friends who enjoy going Deer hunting quote often. These men get enlisted to head to Vietnam to fight for their country and celebrate with a farewell party, as well as Nicky marrying a pregnant woman named "Angela." After the horrors during the war and edge-grabbing games of Russian Roulette that these men are forced to play, Michael returns home and realizes that his Deer hunting outings aren\'t the same as they used to be, because of the war and he eventually finds out that Steven is handicapped and Nicky hasn\'t returned from Vietnam, and in response, he heads back to Vietnam to rescue him.::Koen Versieck', "Michael, Steven and Nick are young factory workers from Pennsylvania who enlist into the Army to fight in Vietnam. Before they go, Steven marries the pregnant Angela, and their wedding party also serves as the men's farewell party. After some time and many horrors, the three friends fall in the hands of the Vietcong and are brought to a prison camp in which they are forced to play Russian roulette against each other. Michael makes it possible for them to escape, but they soon get separated again.::Leon Wolters <wolters@strw.LeidenUniv.nl>", "Michael, Nick, and Steven are three buddies from the steel mill town of Clairton, Penn.They work together, hang out in a local bar and enjoying weekends deer hunting Ina a larger group with three other friends. But their placid life is soon to be changed after the three buddies enlist in the airborne infantry to go to Vietnam. So they all celebrate a goodbye at Steven's wedding and they leave for Vietnam. They are captured by the enemy and forced to play games of Russian Roulette to amuse their guards. They escape and Mike returns home to find Nick has stayed in Vietnam and Steven is handicapped after losing his legs and the use of one arm after the escape. Mike finds that deer hunting has changed for him after Vietnam and he returns to Vietnam during the fall to attempt to rescue Nick.::Jasper Yangchareon"]
['In a small Korean province in 1986, two detectives struggle with the case of multiple young women being found raped and murdered by an unknown culprit.::Samovarkov', 'In 1986, in the province of Gyunggi, in South Korea, a second young and beautiful woman is found dead, raped and tied and gagged with her underwear. Detective Park Doo-Man and Detective Cho Yong-koo, two brutal and stupid local detectives without any technique, investigate the murder using brutality and torturing the suspects, without any practical result. The Detective Seo Tae-Yoon from Seoul comes to the country to help the investigations and is convinced that a serial-killer is killing the women. When a third woman is found dead in the same "modus-operandi", the detectives find leads of the assassin.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "1986. In a rural district of South Korea, two women have been recently raped and murdered. Working on the case are detectives Park Doo-man and Cho Yong-koo. Their efforts are impeded by some sloppy crime scene procedure by the police. Their methods of solving cases are also quite basic, essentially amounting to beating confessions out of suspects. All this leads to nothing and the police chief brings in a more sophisticated and intelligent detective from Seoul, Seo Tae-yoon. With his arrival the methods improve but they still don't have the killer. Then another woman is found murdered and a pattern emerges.::grantss", 'South Korea in 1986 under the military dictatorship: Two rural cops and a special detective from the capital investigate a series of brutal rape murder. Their crude measures become more desperate with each new corpse found. Based on a true case.::Moritz Muehlenhoff <jmm@inutil.org>']
['Six short stories that explore the extremities of human behavior involving people in distress.', 'The film is divided into six segments. (1) "Pasternak": While being on a plane, a model and a music critic realise they have a common acquaintance called Pasternak. Soon they discover that every passenger and crew member on board know Pasternak. Is this coincidence? (2) "The Rats": A waitress recognizes her client - it\'s the loan shark who caused a tragedy in her family. The cook suggests mixing rat poison with his food, but the waitress refuses. The stubborn cook, however, decides to proceed with her plan. (3) "The Strongest": Two drivers on a lone highway have an argument with tragic consequences. (4) "Little Bomb": A demolition engineer has his car towed by a truck for parking in a wrong place and he has an argument with the employee of the towing company. This event destroys his private and professional life, and he plots revenge against the corrupt towing company and the city hall. (5) "The Proposal": A reckless son of a wealthy family has an overnight hit-and-run accident, in which a pregnant woman gets killed. He wakes his parents up and his father calls the lawyer. The parents propose to pay the groundkeeper to take the blame for the boy. Soon the father discovers that he is a victim of extortion of his lawyer and the public prosecutor in charge of the investigation. What will be his decision? (6) "Until Death Do Us Apart": During the wedding party, the bride discovers that her newlywed husband has been cheating on her with one of the guests, and she decides to pay him back.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'Six dark stories, involving six savage situations full of revenge (either accidental or intentional), dangerous and unexpected arguments or misunderstandings, suspicious conversations and deals, which change the lives of people who are involved in them.::Gusde']
["A simple act of kindness always sparks another, even in a frozen, faraway place. When Smeerensburg's new postman, Jesper, befriends toymaker Klaus, their gifts melt an age-old feud and deliver a sleigh full of holiday traditions.::Netflix", "When Jesper (Jason Schwartzman) distinguishes himself as the postal academy's worst student, he is stationed on a frozen island above the Arctic Circle, where the feuding locals hardly exchange words let alone letters. Jesper is about to give up when he finds an ally in local teacher Alva (Rashida Jones), and discovers Klaus (Oscar® winner J.K. Simmons), a mysterious carpenter who lives alone in a cabin full of handmade toys. These unlikely friendships return laughter to Smeerensburg, forging a new legacy of generous neighbors, magical lore and stockings hung by the chimney with care. An animated Christmas comedy directed by Despicable Me co-creator Sergio Pablos, KLAUS co-stars Rashida Jones, Jason Schwartzman and JK Simmons.::Netflix"]
['Baran the Bandit, released from prison after 35 years, searches for vengeance and his lover.', "The epic adventures of the legendary Baran the Bandit following his release from prison. After serving 35 years, it is no surprise that the world has changed dramatically. Still, Baran can't help but be shocked to discover that his home village is now underwater thanks to the construction of a new dam. He then heads for Istanbul to get revenge upon his former best friend, the man who snitched on him and stole his lover Keje. Along the way, Baran teams up with Cumali, a tough young punk who finds the thief's old-fashioned ways rather quaint. When Cumali gets into deep trouble with a crime boss, Baran adds another vengeful task to his roster.::Anonymous", "After serving a 35-year jail sentence, Baran, a bandit, is released from prison in a city in Eastern Turkey. The first thing he does is to return to the village he left. But the village has been long submerged under an artificial reservoir. Baran's undoing was Berfo, a friend who had once been closer to him than a brother. In order to snare Keje, Baran's sweetheart, Berfo seized his best friend gold and have Baran arrested by the gendarme on Mountain Cudi. Then Berfo purchases Keje from her father against her will, and disappears. According to rumor, he is in Istanbul. While traveling to Istanbul by train, Baran meets Cumali, a young man. Cumali was raised in the alleys of Beyoglu, his life revolving around bars, gambling joints, alcohol, dope and woman. Cumali dreams of joining the mafia and making it big. He takes Baran to a dilapidated hotel in the backstreet's of Beyoglu. After a while, Cumali and friends discover that Baran used to be a bandit, but they can't take it seriously. For them, it is just a laugh. Cumali's dreams of a new life include Emel, his girlfriend. Emel has a convict brother, who is in trouble with the other prisoners in his jail. His life is in danger, and he needs high amount of money to get out. Cumali promises Emel to get the Money for her brother as soon as possible. Meanwhile, the bandit is going through Istanbul in a daze, lost in totally alien world, with no idea where to start looking for the woman he loves and the mortal enemy who was stolen her...::camoka"]
['A series of mysterious events change the life of a blind pianist, who must now report a crime that he should technically know nothing of.::Santhosh', "Akash a blind pianist is preparing for a London concert.Sophie's scooter bumps into Akash and upon finding he a pianist she takes him to her restaurant Franco's run by her father and offers him a job.Akash meets 70s actor Pramod Sinha at the restaurant who asks him to do a private concert of his songs at his residence to surprise his wife Simi. Next Day upon reaching his house a shocking surprise is waiting for Akash.::alex.mjacko@mypeepul.com", 'A pianist who pretends to be blind for inspiration, witnesses a murder and has to deal with the murderer wife of the victim and her boyfriend. During his ordeal he loses his eyesight for real and struggles save his life from the murderous duo.', "Akash a piano player pretending to be blind he meets Sophie who gives him a break to play at her father's restaurant.Inspired with his talent former actor Pramod Sinha invites him to his house to play on his wife's Simi's birthday.Upn reaching Akash finds Pramod is dead and he pretends of being unaware of things around.But trouble starts when Simi suspects that he is not blind.::alex.mjacko@gmail.com"]
['A tale of friendship between two unlikely pen pals: Mary, a lonely, eight-year-old girl living in the suburbs of Melbourne, and Max, a forty-four-year old, severely obese man living in New York.::Anonymous', "In the mid-1970's, a homely, friendless Australian girl of 8 picks a name out of a Manhattan phone book and writes to him; she includes a chocolate bar. She's Mary Dinkle, the only child of an alcoholic mother and a distracted father. He's Max Horowitz, an overweight man with Asperger's, living alone in New York. He writes back, with chocolate. Thus begins a 20-year correspondence, interrupted by a stay in an asylum and a few misunderstandings. Mary falls in love with a neighbor, saves money to have a birthmark removed and deals with loss. Max has a friendship with a neighbor, tries to control his weight, and finally gets the dream job. Will the two ever meet face to face?::<jhailey@hotmail.com>", '"Mary and Max" is a poignant story that chronicles a pen-pal relationship between two very different people which spans nearly 2 decades across 2 continents. Though living entirely different lives, the two bond over their mutual eccentricities and isolation: Mary Dinkle is a chubby, lonely eight-year-old with an unfortunate birthmark on her forehead. She lives in the suburbs of Melbourne, Australia, Max Horovitz is a morbidly obese, 44-year-old formerly Jewish atheist with Asperger\'s Syndrome who resides amidst the chaos of New York City. "Mary and Max" chronicles the lives of Mary, who grows up to become a successful writer, and Max, who grows from middle to old age. Over their years of communication, they each offer each other support, advice and the opportunity to see life in a different perspective.::Kyle Perez', "It is a simple tale of pen-friendship between two very different people; Mary Dinkle, living in the suburbs of Melbourne, Australia and New Yorker with Aspergers, Max Horowitz. Spanning 20 years and 2 continents, Mary and Max's friendship survives much more than the average diet of life's ups and downs.::Icon"]
["A man's coerced confession to an I.R.A. bombing he did not commit results in the imprisonment of his father as well. An English lawyer fights to free them.::Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>", "Young Belfastian Gerry Conlon (Daniel Day-Lewis) admits that he was in London at the time of the incident. He also admits that he is not a model citizen, having committed a petty robbery while in London. He does however profess his innocence when it comes to the bombing of the Guildford Pub in London in 1974, the event which killed several people inside. A self-professed non-political person, he and his three co-accused, dubbed the Guildford Four, are thought to be provisional members of the I.R.A. Their self-professed innocence is despite each having signed a statement of guilt which they claim were signed under duress. Their case includes having provable alibis for the time frame of the bombing. And eventually, Joe McAndrew (Don Baker), a known I.R.A. member, admits to the bombing. Dubbed the Maguire Seven, seven others, primarily members of Gerry's extended family including his father Giuseppe (Pete Postlethwaite), are accused of being accessories to the bombing. Following on the work initiated by Giuseppe, Gerry works on a campaign to prove their collective innocence, this work with the assistance of compassionate lawyer Gareth Peirce (Dame Emma Thompson). As Gareth works on this campaign, she is faced with obstacle after obstacle placed by Robert Dixon (Corin Redgrave), who led the initial investigation and questioning of the four accused on behalf of the Police.::Huggo", "Based on the true story of Gerry Conlon (Daniel Day-Lewis), a Belfast youth who - along with family members and friends - was wrongly convicted of bombing two pubs outside of London. A story about the relationship between a father and his son who fought for justice to clear his father's name.::Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de>"]
['Jeff "The Dude" Lebowski, mistaken for a millionaire of the same name, seeks restitution for his ruined rug and enlists his bowling buddies to help get it.::Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>', 'When "the dude" Lebowski is mistaken for a millionaire Lebowski, two thugs urinate on his rug to coerce him into paying a debt he knows nothing about. While attempting to gain recompense for the ruined rug from his wealthy counterpart, he accepts a one-time job with high pay-off. He enlists the help of his bowling buddy, Walter, a gun-toting Jewish-convert with anger issues. Deception leads to more trouble, and it soon seems that everyone from porn empire tycoons to nihilists want something from The Dude.::ahmetkozan', "There are 2 men named Jeffrey Lebowski. One's a lazy, pot smoking, White Russian-drinking, hippie who goes by the nickname, 'the dude'. The other's a self-made multimillionaire, war veteran, who lives in a mansion with a full-time assistant, due to his being handicapped. Their paths cross when the millionaire's trophy wife owes money to a known pornographer, and she's held in lieu of getting his money repaid. The thugs hired by this pornographer initially confront the dude because they were unaware he has the same name. Wanting payback for his now-destroyed rug, the dude seeks out the millionaire Lebowski. What follows takes the dude and his bowling buddies Walter and Donnie on a mission full of intrigue, kidnapping, pornography, nihilists, White Russians, and more White Russians.::halo1k", 'Jeffrey "the dude" Lebowski\'s the ultimate Los Angeles slacker. One day, his house is broken into, and his rug is urinated on by 2 angry hired heavies who\'ve mistaken him for another Jeffrey Lebowski, that one\'s a Los Angeles millionaire, whose wife owes some people big money. The dude becomes entangled in his namesake\'s problem when he goes to visit the other Lebowski in order to get some recompense for his soiled rug. Instead, he\'s offered a job for a lot of money; act as liaison between Lebowski and the captors of his now "kidnapped" wife.::Alex Barron <resevoirdog@earthlink.net>']
["With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent.::mystic80", "On the occasion of his fifth wedding anniversary, Nick Dunne reports that his wife, Amy, has gone missing. Under pressure from the police and a growing media frenzy, Nick's portrait of a blissful union begins to crumble. Soon his lies, deceits and strange behavior have everyone asking the same dark question: Did Nick Dunne kill his wife?::Twentieth Century Fox", "Nick Dunne, a small town guy who made good in the big city as a magazine writer blames the recession and the loss of his job for the decline of his marriage to his intellectually superior wife with a substantial trust fund. Questions of his motives and character begin to arise after his wife's disappearance on the morning of their fifth anniversary. As the search for his missing wife plays out over the ensuing days, guilty suspicions are fueled into a national frenzy by the media circus camped outside his house. Is this idyllic, everyman truly capable of murdering his wife?::MalcolmJTaylor", 'Nick and Amy Dunne are a couple living in a small town in Missouri. Nick calls the authorities when she goes missing but something is off about his behavior. Is he hiding something? Is he sad or distraught enough? While the police continue their investigation, Nick is battling a media frenzy and the people who believe his innocence is dwindling by the minute.::Angela Thomas', "A Missouri couple had a great life in their house with no kid, but it all changed when their 5th wedding anniversary occurs. Nick, the husband now realizes that his wife, Amy has gone missing. He calls the local authorities for reporting the situation. Along with the time and the local searching program, the progress becoming blurred between Nick's version of the story or the new investigation result - that Nick suspected of killing his wife. Now, Nick struggles for convincing the media, telling them if he didn't kill his wife, and probe the cryptic clues from his own wife.::Gusde", "Under very curious and suspicious circumstances, the former New York City columnist, Nick Dunne, finds out that his home in Missouri has been intruded; his front door half-open; shattered glass everywhere, and his popular author wife, Amy, inexplicably missing. Amid an unbridled media feeding frenzy, inevitably, Nick's life comes under the spotlight, as the experienced detective, Rhonda Boney, delves deeper and deeper into the husband's seemingly perfect image. As a result, half-truths and full lies entangle Nick more and more in a foggy reality where nothing is what it seems. Is the caring family man, indeed, a cold-blooded murderer?::Nick Riganas", "The disappearance of Nick Dunne's wife transpires into a media frenzy, leaving him frantic and in desperate need of a lawyer - but why? Darkly satirical and scintillating, Gone Girl forces us to look at the dark parts of ourselves, the validity of our relationships and societies propensity to pigeonhole women.::BecksyKane"]
['World War II American Army Medic Desmond T. Doss, who served during the Battle of Okinawa, refuses to kill people, and becomes the first man in American history to receive the Medal of Honor without firing a shot.::bravomailer', "The true story of Desmond T. Doss, the conscientious objector who, at the Battle of Okinawa, was awarded the Medal of Honor for his incredible bravery and regard for his fellow soldiers. We see his upbringing and how this shaped his views, especially his religious view and anti-killing stance. We see Doss's trials and tribulations after enlisting in the US Army and trying to become a medic. Finally, we see the hell on Earth that was Hacksaw Ridge.::grantss", 'An American army veteran grieves by the tombstones of his army company that died during World War I. Back home, he raises his sons in a pious setting and asks them to shun weapons. After a naughty fight turns awry, Desmond reads the Bible and vows not to harm another human in his life thereafter. Desmond then saves the life of a worker, experiencing a wholesome satisfaction in the process. In the hospital, he is smitten by a nurse, who he then dates. After the United States enters the Second World War, both sons enlist, adding to the ire of the father who despises his sons joining the Army. The rigorous regimen of training in the Army requires Desmond to clear his firearms training, but after a huge tiff with his seniors, his father, an old corporal, intervenes to save Desmond from being court-martialed and serve with the Army as a medic. They get posted to Hacksaw Ridge, Okinawa. A win there would ensure that the Empire of Japan surrenders to the Allied Forces. What happens thereon?::PipingHotViews', 'After Desmond T. Doss volunteered to enlist in the US Army in WWII, he was firstly assumed as a cowardice for anti-killing stance performing as a Medic. This is how Private Doss inspired us about an incredible-bravery-true story on Hacksaw Ridge at the Battle of Okinawa.The most inspired part of this film is the scene when Doss whispered, " Lord, help me get one more, please. Help me get one more."::Shine Light', 'In Lynchburg, Desmond Doss and his brother Hal are raised by a dysfunctional family since their father Tom Doss is an alcoholic veteran of World War I that beats their mother Bertha. One day, Desmond almost kills Hal and his life is affected by the Commandment "Thou shalt not kill". Years later, he meets the nurse Dorothy Schutte and they fall in love with each other. Desmond, who is Seventh-day Adventist Christian and conscientious objector, decides to join the army to serve his country in World War II; however he refuses to carry or use any weapon and requests to serve as combat medic to save lives. He faces several problems during the training and but he succeeds to go to the war to participate in the Battle of Okinawa. Will he be helpful in the battle field?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'The extraordinary true story of conscientious objector Desmond T. Doss who saved 75 men in Okinawa, during the bloodiest battle of WWII, without firing a single shot. Believing that the war was just but killing was nevertheless wrong, he was the only American soldier in WWII to fight on the front lines without a weapon. As an army medic Doss single-handedly evacuated the wounded near enemy lines - braving enemy fire and putting his own life on the line. He was the first conscientious objector to ever earn the Congressional Medal of Honor.::Jwelch5742', "While his fellow Virginians volunteer for the US Army, pacifist Bible biter Desmond Doss has a moral dilemma, willing to serve but not to kill. Recruited an such false promise, he sticks to his pious plan to serve country and fellow men as medic, unwilling to touch a gun and suffering any abuse without accepting to be dishonorable discharged from boot camp which looks like a psych ward, complete with nudist macho 'Hollywood'. His abusive father, a Great War veteran, pulls a marker to have a general turn his court martial into permission to serve as stretcher bearer. Their regiment lands on the strategic Okinawa island, an exceptionally bloody battle against the fearless Japanese. Waves of men are sent up a steep cliff and against a wall of Japanese fire, suffering extreme casualties and forced to retreat anyway. Desmond probes his courage and unwavering trust in God by treating and rescuing wounded, on his back or dragging them trough fire, hiding for enemy sorties, even returning on his own to sneak out badly bleeding mates he lowers from the cliff with herculean effort despite his own wounds, setting a record most worthy of the Congressional Medal of Honor without touching a single bullet.::KGF Vissers"]
["A writer encounters the owner of an aging high-class hotel, who tells him of his early years serving as a lobby boy in the hotel's glorious years under an exceptional concierge.::Fox Searchlight Pictures / marianoandres", 'This movie recounts the adventures of M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), a legendary concierge at a famous European hotel between the wars, and Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori), the lobby boy who becomes his most trusted friend. The story involves the theft and recovery of a priceless Renaissance painting and the battle for an enormous family fortune - all against the backdrop of a suddenly and dramatically changing continent.::Fox Searchlight Pictures', 'A teenage girl visits the monument of the writer who penned the book, "The Grand Budapest Hotel". In 1968, that author was inspired to write the book when he visited that hotel, located in the European mountainous country formerly known as Zubrowka. Once a luxurious hotel, it, in 1968, has fallen on hard times. The author meets the then current owner, Mr. Zero Moustafa (F. Murray Abraham), who recounts the story of how he became the hotel\'s owner and why he holds onto it and keeps it open despite it obviously making him no money. Zero\'s story begins in 1932, when the hotel was in its golden era. Zero (Tony Revolori) was the novice immigrant lobby boy, who, like all the other hotel staff, was under the guidance of M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), the devoted concierge. Gustave aimed to please, he giving the guests whatever they wanted, especially the wealthy blonde women. The story largely revolves around one of those women, the wealthy Madame Céline Villeneuve Desgoffe-und-Taxis - better known as Madame D. (Tilda Swinton) - her opportunistic son Dmitri (Adrian Brody), the bequeathing of a valuable painting called "Boy with Apple" to Gustave, the mysterious circumstances surrounding her death which is initially pinned on Gustave, and the attempts of Zero, his girlfriend - a baker\'s assistant named Agatha (Saoirse Ronan) - and others to clear Gustave\'s name while Dmitri does whatever he needs to get what he believes is rightfully his, namely the painting.::Huggo', 'A writer travels to the decadent Grand Budapest Hotel in the mountains of the Republic of Zubrowka and he meets the owner Mr. Zero Moustafa (F. Murray Abraham), who is a very simple man. Zero invites the author to have dinner with him and he tells his story and how he became the owner of the hotel. In 1932, in the glorious days of the Grand Budapest Hotel, Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori) is hired to work as lobby boy under the command of the legendary concierge M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), who becomes his friend. Gustave efficiently manages the hotel and staff and also attends the sexual needs of the old ladies lodged at the hotel. He spends one night with Madame Céline Villeneuve Desgoffe-und-Taxis, a.k.a. Madame D. (Tilda Swinton) and soon he learns that she was found dead at home. Gustave summons Zero to travel with him to the funeral and he learns that he has inherited the valuable painting "Boy with Apple". Madame D\'s son Dmitri (Adrian Brody) and her family do not accept that a concierge may have inherited the painting and Gustave and Zero steal it and return to the Grand Budapest Hotel. Gustave promises Zero that he would be his heir for helping him. But Gustave is falsely accused of murdering Madame D. and is arrested and imprisoned. Will his friend Zero let him die in prison?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "In the far reaches of Eastern Europe in the former Republic of Zubrowka, there once was the Grand Budapest hotel. A writer remembers a stay at the hotel during the off season many years ago and recalls the tales he heard of the hotel's past from the elderly owner, Mr. Zero Moustafa (F. Murray Abraham). He tells the young writer about how he came to acquire the hotel and of the original concierge of the Grand Budapest, M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes). Young Zero (Tony Revolori) was a lobby boy at the time and accompanies Gustave to the reading of a will after one of their regular guests dies. She leaves Gustave a valuable painting, but when the woman's son challenges the will, Gustave and Moustafa steal the painting setting off a series of events that will lead to Moustafa's present circumstance.::garykmcd", "In the 1930s, The Grand Budapest Hotel is a popular European ski resort, presided over by concierge M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes). Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori), a junior lobby boy, becomes Gustave's friend and protégé. Gustave prides himself on providing first-class service to the hotel's guests, including satisfying the sexual needs of the many elderly women who stay there. When one of Gustave's lovers dies mysteriously, Gustave finds himself the recipient of a priceless painting and the chief suspect in her murder.::Jwelch5742", "M. Gustave (Ralph Fiennes), the famous concierge at a legendary hotel situated in the Alps during the 1930s becomes the center of a farcical whirlwind of suspicion when one of his institution's oldest and richest patrons turns up dead, and she suspiciously leaves him her most priceless work of art - a Renaissance painting of a boy with an apple. Infuriated that she left anything of value to anyone else, the woman's greedy and nefarious heir uses all manner of underhanded and illegal tactics to pin her death on Gustave and to silence anyone who questions his objective of inheriting every penny of her estate, leaving Gustave's trusted lobby boy Zero Moustafa (Tony Revolori) to clear Gustave's name and prove that the grand lady's killer is none other than her own son, Dmitri (Adrian Brody)."]
['A nurse is put in charge of a mute actress and finds that their personae are melding together.::Mathew Buck', "A young nurse, Alma, is put in charge of Elisabeth Vogler: an actress who is seemingly healthy in all respects, but will not talk. As they spend time together, Alma speaks to Elisabeth constantly, never receiving any answer. Alma eventually confesses her secrets to a seemingly sympathetic Elisabeth and finds that her own personality is being submerged into Elisabeth's persona.::Kathy Li", "Swedish actress Elisabet Vogler, while on stage during a performance of Elektra, becomes mute. The day following, she is in a near catatonic state. The doctors in charge of her case diagnose no medical reason that would cause these disabilities. A nurse named Alma is assigned to be Elisabet's caretaker, she who believes that there is some sort of inner strength that Elisabet possesses to choose not to speak. Since Elisabet is not allowed visits by either her husband or her son, the doctor provides her own secluded beach side summer house as a respite for Elisabet and Alma. To break the silence during the respite, Alma speaks continually to Elisabet, ultimately about personal details of her life. Elisabet responds to Alma's talking, and Alma uses these situations as her own therapy sessions. Alma admires Elisabet and wants to be like her. As the women spend more time alone together, Alma learns more about her patient. But Alma also begins a transformation, which she now knowingly tries to stop because of those things she has learned about Elisabet.::Huggo", 'A nurse at a psychiatric hospital, Alma, is given a new patient. Elisabet Vogler is a famous actress but has suddenly become apathetic, lethargic, mute and prone to fits of laughter at arbitrary, innocuous things. Alma does her best to engage Elisabet and get her to talk but the more Alma opens up to Elisabet, the more she empathises with her and becomes like her.::grantss', 'A piece of visual poetry that elevates Bergman to a new level in his career. In this film the female figures form a relationship where there is a spiritual and emotional connection recognized as one of the most important creations of this director. Between contrasting images and dream light this is a film of great psychological depth. Elisabeth Vogler seems to have everything: she is a successful actress, happily married and mother of a small child. However, one night, she is paralyzed in the middle of a presentation, after this event she spends three months in the hospital without her condition being defined. After this period she spends her days in a summer house near the Baltic Sea where the nurse, Alma, assists her in her recovery. These two women form a powerful bond in which friendship and betrayal take place to change their lives.']
['A young man and woman meet on a train in Europe, and wind up spending one evening together in Vienna. Unfortunately, both know that this will probably be their only night together.::jgp3553@yahoo.com', 'American tourist Jesse and French student Celine meet by chance on the train from Budapest to Vienna. Sensing that they are developing a connection, Jesse asks Celine to spend the day with him in Vienna, and she agrees. So they pass the time before his scheduled flight the next morning together. How do two perfect strangers connect so intimately over the course of a single day? What is that special thing that bonds two people so strongly? As their bond turns to love, what will happen to them the next morning when Jesse flies away?::randywong70@comcast.net', "Jesse, an American, has been traveling around Europe on his own aimlessly for the past few weeks on his Eurail pass. His last stop, where he is currently heading, is Vienna, from where he will catch a flight home tomorrow morning. Celine, a Parisienne, had been in Budapest visiting her grandmother. She is currently heading back to Paris to resume her studies at the Sorbonne. Jesse and Celine meet by chance on the same westbound train out of Budapest. The connection they feel from their short conversation on the train is enough for Jesse to suggest at the last minute that she get off the train with him in Vienna and that they spend time together in Vienna - just wandering around the city as was his original plan as he doesn't have the money for a hotel - before he needs to go to the airport, and at which time she will board the next train to Paris. If it ends up she feels uncomfortable with him as time progresses, she could ditch him at any point. Celine agrees. As they wander from place to place in Vienna, they talk about their philosophies of life and love. They also talk about logistical issues regarding their time, such as why Jesse was in Europe to begin with, what they are feeling for each other, if there is a future for them together and if so what that future may look like taking into consideration both their current lots in life.::Huggo", 'Two young people, a French graduate student and an American tourist, meet briefly on a train traveling through Europe. Each enjoy talking to each other so much that they decide to get off the train together in Vienna. As they wander the city together and their night progresses, their connection makes the idea of separating the next morning a difficult choice.::Kyle Perez', 'A French grad student named Celine meets an American boy named Jesse on the Budapest-Vienna train. They get off the train in Vienna and hang out for a while.::Anonymous', 'Before Sunrise is a romance between a young American (Jesse) and a French student (Celine). A chance encounter on the train incites intrigue, and Jesse provocatively suggests that Celine postpones her return to France and embarks instead on a spontaneous expedition to Vienna. In the course of their 14-hour relationship, the two share in their love for the unrehearsed and their appreciation for the unexpected as they explore in a powerful meeting of hearts and minds.::Hong Kong Arts Centre']
["A seasoned FBI agent pursues Frank Abagnale Jr. who, before his 19th birthday, successfully forged millions of dollars' worth of checks while posing as a Pan Am pilot, a doctor, and a legal prosecutor.::ahmetkozan", "New Rochelle, the 1960s. High schooler Frank Abagnale Jr. idolizes his father, who's in trouble with the IRS. When his parents separate, Frank runs away to Manhattan with $25 in his checking account, vowing to regain dad's losses and get his parents back together. Just a few years later, the FBI tracks him down in France; he's extradited, tried, and jailed for passing more than $4,000,000 in bad checks. Along the way, he's posed as a Pan Am pilot, a pediatrician, and an attorney. And, from nearly the beginning of this life of crime, he's been pursued by a dour FBI agent, Carl Hanratty. What starts as cat and mouse becomes something akin to father and son.::<jhailey@hotmail.com>"]
["During the Nazi occupation of Poland, an acting troupe becomes embroiled in a Polish soldier's efforts to track down a German spy.::Shannon Patrick Sullivan <shannon@mun.ca>", "In occupied Poland during WWII, a troupe of ham stage actors (led by Joseph Tura and his wife Maria) match wits with the Nazis. A spy has information which would be very damaging to the Polish resistance and they must prevent it's being delivered to the Germans.::Ken Yousten <kyousten@bev.net>", "Joseph and Maria Tura operate and star in their own theater company in Warsaw. Maria has many admirers including a young lieutenant in the Polish air force, Stanislav Sobinski. When the Nazis invade Poland to start World War II, Sobinski and his colleagues flee to England while the Turas find themselves now having to operate under severe restrictions, including shelving a comical play they had written about Adolf Hitler. In England meanwhile, Sobinski and his friends give Professor Siletski - who is about to return to Poland - the names and addresses of their closest relatives so the professor can carry messages for them. When it's learned that Siletski is really a German spy, Sobinski parachutes into Poland and enlists the aid of the Turas and their fellow actors to get that list back.::garykmcd", 'German-occupied Warsaw, World War 2. A band of actors, headed by husband-and-wife superstars of Polish theatre, set out to prevent a German spy from revealing key members of the Polish underground and families of Polish airmen fighting in Britain.::grantss']
['American car designer Carroll Shelby and driver Ken Miles battle corporate interference and the laws of physics to build a revolutionary race car for Ford in order to defeat Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1966.::Fox', "As Enzo Ferrari's fast Rosso-Corsa racing cars dominate the mid-1960s motorsport world, the American car designer, Carroll Shelby, is forced to retire after winning the demanding 1959 '24 Hours of Le Mans' endurance race. But, before long, an unexpected proposition by the Vice President of Henry Ford's motor company, Lee Iacocca, will offer an opportunity to beat the Italians at their own game. Now, under those pressing circumstances, the British sports car driver and racing engineer, Ken Miles, reluctantly agrees to lend a hand and improve the firm's image, as Ford's race team has less than ninety days to rewrite history. As a result, the non-conformist duo comes up with the mighty Ford GT40 Mk I high-performance racing car. Can Shelby and Miles break Ferrari's streak?::Nick Riganas", 'American automotive designer Carroll Shelby and fearless British race car driver Ken Miles battle corporate interference, the laws of physics and their own personal demons to build a revolutionary vehicle for the Ford Motor Co. Together, they plan to compete against the race cars of Enzo Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in France in 1966.::Jwelch5742']
["When Union spies steal an engineer's beloved locomotive, he pursues it single-handedly and straight through enemy lines.::Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@mnsi.net>", 'Johnnie loves his train ("The General") and Annabelle Lee. When the Civil War begins he is turned down for service because he\'s more valuable as an engineer. Annabelle thinks it\'s because he\'s a coward. Union spies capture The General with Annabelle on board. Johnnie must rescue both his loves.::Ed Stephan <stephan@cc.wwu.edu>', "Johnnie Gray is an engineer on his train, The General, on the Western and Atlantic railroad. When war is declared between North and South he does his best to sign up with the Confederate army but is refused because he's in a designated occupation. His sweetheart Annabelle and her family don't believe him and she's ashamed, thinking he's shirking his duty. Meanwhile the Union army hatches a plan to steal the General and when it stops in Big Shanty they snatch it and head north. Annabelle Lee is a passenger on the train and Johnnie goes behind enemy lines to rescue his train and his girl.::garykmcd", '1862, Georgia, USA. The American Civil War is in its second year and Johnnie Gray is barred from enlisting. He is a train engineer and the Confederate Army feel he is more valuable to the Southern cause in his current role than in the army. This frustrates Johnnie and has estranged him from his sweetheart Annabelle, who views him as a coward. Then his beloved engine, The General, is stolen by Union spies and is heading for Union lines. Moreover, Annabelle is on board. Johnnie sets off after the two loves of his life.::grantss', "Johnnie Gray has two loves in his life: his engine and his girl, Annabelle Lee. The War Between the States begins with an attack on Fort Sumter, and Johnnie is the first in line at the recruitment office. But the enlisting officer rejects him (not telling him the reason: he is more valuable to the South as an engineer). Annabelle believes he didn't even try to enlist, and she refuses to even speak to him until he is in uniform. Time passes and Union spies hatch a plot involving Johnnie's engine, The General. Not only do they steal The General while Johnnie and the passengers are off the train having dinner, but they kidnap Annabelle who was still on board. Johnnie pursues The General in another engine, The Texas. Through various mishaps he becomes the Unionists' sole pursuer. When the Unionists discover the train chasing them has only one man aboard, the long pursuit ends, and Johnnie barely escapes with his life. Johnnie is now behind enemy lines. He wanders the forest during a rainstorm then discovers a house, which he breaks into, grabbing what food he can. It turns out the Unionists who stole The General are using the house as a base of operations. While hiding under the dinner table, Johnnie learns the details of their next plot against the Confederates. More importantly, he discovers they have Annabelle Lee, whom he had never guessed was still on The General when it was taken. Johnnie manages to escape with Annabelle and take back The General. Now the Unionists are pursuing Johnnie, but if he and Annabelle can outrace them they can warn the Confederates of the Union's latest plan.::sspurli", "Union solders have stolen The General, a Confederate train manned by Johnnie Gray, who was unable to enlist in the Confederate army because he is needed as an engineer. The Union plans to use the train to supply its soldiers in a sneak attack against the Confederates. But now it's up to Gray and his love, Annabelle Lee, to reclaim The General, recross enemy lines, and warn the Confederates.::<jgp3553@excite.com>"]
['A hapless young Viking who aspires to hunt dragons becomes the unlikely friend of a young dragon himself, and learns there may be more to the creatures than he assumed.::tb4000', "Long ago up North on the Island of Berk, the young Viking, Hiccup, wants to join his town's fight against the dragons that continually raid their town. However, his macho father and village leader, Stoik the Vast, will not allow his small, clumsy, but inventive son to do so. Regardless, Hiccup ventures out into battle and downs a mysterious Night Fury dragon with his invention, but can't bring himself to kill it. Instead, Hiccup and the dragon, whom he dubs Toothless, begin a friendship that would open up both their worlds as the observant boy learns that his people have misjudged the species. But even as the two each take flight in their own way, they find that they must fight the destructive ignorance plaguing their world.::Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com)", 'In a world with dragons, this movie takes place on the island of Berk. Hiccup, son of Stoik, wants to be a dragon killer like his dad, but his dad refuses. One night on an invasion of the dragons, Hiccup catches a Night Fury, the rarest and an unseen dragon of them all to prove to his father he is worthy. But while his father is away to find the nest of the dragons, he allows Hiccup to start training to kill dragons, and at the same time, Hiccup trains with with his newly found dragon Toothless since when he was caught, lost a part of his tail. But while Hiccup tries to persuade the other vikings that the dragons are good not bad, they have a hard time believing so.::James Hake', "Stoick the Vast, the giant widower chief of the though Viking village of Nordic island Berk, has practically given up hope for his smart, sensitive 'sissy shrimp' son Hiccup, the cripple blacksmith's clumsy apprentice, to grow into a real Viking and contribute to their regular combats fighting off the copious plague of dragons. Grounded again after fouling another dragon attack-ward-off, Hiccup wanders in the forest and stumbles upon a tied-up baby dragon. Unable to kill it, he frees it and finds it became tame and friendly, designs a prosthesis for its half tail and accidentally learns to fly 'Toothless'. Learning from it the truth about dragons, he aces the villages annual young warriors dragon slaying class without dangerous violence. Now Stoic expects Hiccup to kill a dragon, and partake in the annual attempt to find and destroy the dragons' layer by ships, but flying toothless he discovers the actual challenge and takes it on.::KGF Vissers", "On the fantastical island of Berk, Hiccup is an awkward 15-year old kid, living in the shadow of his Viking Chief of a father. In order to cement his manhood and earn the respect of his fellow vikings, Hiccup must tackle the tough task of capturing a dragon. During one of the village's battles, Hiccup believes he sees a Night Fury, one of the most elusive dragons on the island, and shoots it down. Curious to identify his shot, Hiccup goes looking for and indeed finds the dragon, albeit trapped in his bolas in a forest. Little does Hiccup realize the unlikely friendship, and discovery about the dragon species, that lies before him.::Kyle Perez", "The son of a Viking chief, Hiccup, desperately wants to follow his father's legacy and fight the dragons that raid their village. But when he finally hits a dragon and finds it crash landed in the forest, and is unable to bring himself to kill it, Hiccup soon realizes that the dragons aren't at all what the Vikings have always believed them to be."]
["A naive man is appointed to fill a vacancy in the United States Senate. His plans promptly collide with political corruption, but he doesn't back down.", "Naive and idealistic Jefferson Smith, leader of the Boy Rangers, is appointed on a lark by the spineless governor of his state. He is reunited with the state's senior senator--presidential hopeful and childhood hero, Senator Joseph Paine. In Washington, however, Smith discovers many of the shortcomings of the political process as his earnest goal of a national boys' camp leads to a conflict with the state political boss, Jim Taylor. Taylor first tries to corrupt Smith and then later attempts to destroy Smith through a scandal.::James Yu <jamestyu@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu>", "Upon the death of Senator Samuel Foley, Governor Hubert Hopper, after careful deliberation upon listening to the recommendations of his closest confidantes, appoints young Jefferson Smith to fill the vacancy, despite or because of Smith's lack of political experience and thus lack of political know-how. Jeff is the model of patriotism: he recites Lincoln, and is head of the Boy Rangers. Most in the know know that Hopper is the political lackey of corrupt and powerful businessman Jim Taylor. What most do not know is that another of Taylor's political lackeys is the state's senior senator, the well respected Joseph Paine, who has White House aspirations. Opportunistic Hopper knew that, due to a previous attempt, he could not appoint anyone that Taylor recommended, but sees Smith as someone who Paine and thus Taylor can easily manipulate, especially important now as Paine, Taylor and Foley when he was alive had been working behind the political scenes to push through a dam project, all for their own personal gain, buried in a deficiency bill. When Smith arrives in Washington, he is seen as a naive lightweight and a country bumpkin by almost everyone with who he comes into contact, including the Washington press corps, his fellow senators, and even his secretary Clarissa Saunders - known professionally purely as Saunders - whose years working behind the political system, including being in the know about what her previous boss Foley and Paine were and are up to about the dam project, has made her a cynic. How Paine believes he can keep Smith out of trouble is for him to introduce a bill of his own into the house about an issue passionate to him. What Paine is initially unaware about is that what Smith proposes in his bill would place the dam project in jeopardy. Taylor and Paine have to decide how much hardball they will play to make Smith comply or in turn ruin him, while Smith will show if he has what it takes to play with the big boys on the senate floor. Smith may have some unexpected help from someone who has let Washington get the better of her.::Huggo", 'Jeffrey Smith is a man who believes children are the future and deserve immediate funding for an outdoor camping experience. When Jeff, the idealistic Washington outsider, is appointed to be the new United States Senate, his plans now stand the chance at being fully realized. However, Jeff is appointed with the belief by others that his naïve and gullible nature will be easy to manipulate to get what they want. He soon realizes, after getting blind-sided by high-ranking officials, that he will need to - literally - stand by himself in an inspired fight against corruption and greed.::Kyle Perez', "Through a series of fortunate, and unfortunate, events, an unsophisticated local hero, Jefferson Smith, is appointed a US Senator. The people pulling the strings in his party and State figure that he will be compliant and malleable and basically stay out of the way of their plans, some of which aren't entirely ethical, or legal. However, a well-intentioned deed sets off a dramatic chain of events, a series of events that will see him at odds with his colleagues, with the shadowy, bullying power brokers and with the entire Senate.::grantss"]
["A film projectionist longs to be a detective, and puts his meagre skills to work when he is framed by a rival for stealing his girlfriend's father's pocketwatch.::Shannon Patrick Sullivan <shannon@mun.ca>", "A meek and mild projectionist, who also cleans up after screenings, would like nothing better than to be a private detective. He becomes engaged to a pretty girl but a ladies man known as the Sheik vies for her affection. He gets rid of the projectionist by stealing a pocket watch belonging to the girl's father - which he pawns to buy her an expensive box of candy. He then slips the pawn ticket into the projectionist's pocket and subsequently is found by the police. He doesn't have much luck but in his dreams, he the debonair and renowned detective Sherlock Jr. who faces danger and solves the crime. In real life, the girl solves crimes quickly.::garykmcd", "A young man works as a projectionist at a movie theatre but dreams of becoming a famous detective. His studies toward this goal are put to the test when visiting his girlfriend. A rival steals his girlfriend's father's watch and frames him for the crime. He is forbidden from seeing her again. Now he must fight to clear his name.::grantss", 'A projectionist is studying to be a detective and is in love with a young lady. When he proposes her, his rival steals the chain watch of her father and incriminates him. The disappointed young projectionist returns to his job and while projecting the film, he dreams on being the detective of the story. Meanwhile, the girl finds the truth and acquits the guilty of the projectionist to her father.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil']
["When Keller Dover's daughter and her friend go missing, he takes matters into his own hands as the police pursue multiple leads and the pressure mounts.::Anonymous", "How far would you go to protect your family? Keller Dover is facing every parent's worst nightmare. His six-year-old daughter, Anna, is missing, together with her young friend, Joy, and as minutes turn to hours, panic sets in. The only lead is a dilapidated RV that had earlier been parked on their street. Heading the investigation, Detective Loki arrests its driver, Alex Jones, but a lack of evidence forces his release. As the police pursue multiple leads and pressure mounts, knowing his child's life is at stake the frantic Dover decides he has no choice but to take matters into his own hands. But just how far will this desperate father go to protect his family?::Warner Bros. Pictures", "When two girls go missing, the families call the police. The brother of one of the girls says that an RV was parked on the street. The police find the RV and the man inside is a mentally challenged man. The detective in charge questions him but says nothing. The father of one of the girls tells the detective to keep him locked up so they can work on him. But he says without more evidence they have to let him go. When the father learns of this he goes to confront the man and the man says something which makes the father think he knows something. So he grabs him and works on him to make him talk but he doesn't. The detective continues to try and find the girls.::rcs0411@yahoo.com", 'On Thanksgiving, Keller Dover, his wife Grace, their teenage son Ralph and their little daughter Anna go to the home of their neighbors and friends Franklin Birch, his wife Nancy, their teenage daughter Eliza and their little daughter Joy to celebrate together in a lunch party. Anna and Joy want to play on the street and Ralph stays with them. The girls play in a ROV and Ralph brings them back home. Later Anna asks her father to go to their house with Joy to seek her emergency whistle and Keller tells her to call Ralph or Eliza to go with them. Later the families realize that the girls went alone and have vanished, and they call the police department. Detective Loki is assigned to the case and he arrests the teenager Alex Jones that drives the trailer. Soon they learn that Alex has the IQ of a ten year-old boy and he is discharged. When he is leaving the precinct with his aunt Holly Jones, Keller presses Alex and he says to Keller that "the girls have not cried when he left them". Keller asks to keep Alex imprisoned during the investigations, but Loki cannot hold him anymore. While Detective Loki investigates the pedophiles near the location, Keller decides to abduct Alex to torture him and find where his beloved daughter and her friend are, crossing the thin line between right and wrong.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'In a town in northeastern Pennsylvania, Keller and Grace Dover, Franklin and Nancy Birch, and their respective offspring - each couple with a teenager and adolescent apiece - are best friends. While the two families are celebrating Thanksgiving together, the two adolescent girls, Anna Dover and Joy Birch, go missing. Based on events earlier in the day, the two families believe that the girls were abducted by whoever lives in the camper van parked in their neighborhood. Their beliefs are strengthened after they meet the resident of the camper, Alex Jones, a mentally childlike young man who is supported in every respect by his overprotective aunt, Holly Jones, and based on other subsequent evidence about Alex that emerges. However, Detective Loki, the lead police investigator, is pretty certain that Alex did not abduct the girls, he instead initially following leads of known sex offenders and pedophiles in the area. In addition, Loki has no evidence to hold Alex in custody, placing him at odds especially with Keller, who is certain that Alex is the one who abducted the girls. While Loki continues his investigation with Keller accusing him of not doing his job by following what he considers are pointless leads, Keller decides he has to take matters into his own hands. He has to decide how much he will involve Grace, Franklin and Nancy in getting Alex to divulge where the girls are by any means possible. His decisions as in who he will involve in getting Alex to talk may depend on how like-minded he believes the other three are, they who may be as devastated as he is, but who may neither be certain that Alex is the perpetrator or go to the same extremes as he to get the information from Alex.::Huggo', 'Against the backdrop of what should have been a happy Thanksgiving dinner, a terrible case of a mysterious abduction unfolds, as Anna, the six-year-old daughter of the small-town carpenter, Keller Dover, and her best friend, Joy, vanish without a trace. As time is against the desperate father, the only lead points at troubled Alex Jones; however, due to lack of evidence, Detective Loki knows that the alleged prime suspect will soon be free. Now, the odds are against them, and Keller will have to take matters into his own hands, even if his reckless decision threatens to put his freedom at risk. Will he ever see the girls again, alive and in one piece?::Nick Riganas']
['In the antebellum United States, Solomon Northup, a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery.::Fox Searchlight', "Based on an incredible true story of one man's fight for survival and freedom. In the pre-Civil War United States, Solomon Northup, a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery. Facing cruelty personified by a malevolent slave owner, as well as unexpected kindnesses, Solomon struggles not only to stay alive, but to retain his dignity. In the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey, Solomon's chance meeting with a Canadian abolitionist will forever alter his life.::Fox Searchlight", 'In 1841, the Afro-American violinist Solomon Northup is a free man, living with his wife and children in Saratoga Springs, New York. He is hired by two men for a two-week tour in Washington with their theatrical company. However Solomon is kidnapped and sold as a slave in New Orleans with the nickname Platt. Along twelve years, he works in the plantations and has abusive treatment of his masters, until the day he meets the Canadian abolitionist Bass that promises to send a letter to his family.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "In 1841, African American Solomon Northup, a free man, is kidnapped and forced into slavery under the name 'Platt' for 12 years. He faces the hardships of being a slave under the hands of a few different slave owners. Through faith, will power, and courage Northup must survive and endure those 12 years as a slave.::James Pasier", "In the years before the Civil War, Solomon Northup, a free black man from upstate New York, is kidnapped and sold into slavery in the South. Subjected to the cruelty of one malevolent owner, he also finds unexpected kindness from another, as he struggles continually to survive and maintain some of his dignity. Then in the 12th year of the disheartening ordeal, a chance meeting with an abolitionist from Canada changes Solomon's life forever.::Jwelch5742"]
['In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, a woman rebels against a tyrannical ruler in search for her homeland with the aid of a group of female prisoners, a psychotic worshiper, and a drifter named Max.::Matthew Trahan', "An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and almost everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. There's Max, a man of action and a man of few words, who seeks peace of mind following the loss of his wife and child in the aftermath of the chaos. And Furiosa, a woman of action and a woman who believes her path to survival may be achieved if she can make it across the desert back to her childhood homeland.::Production", 'In the stark desert wasteland populated by a broken humanity driven with survival and the unending ravage for gasoline, a loner named Max finds himself unwantedly caught in the middle of a chase while aiding the heroine Furiosa and her female companions. She struggles to return to her homeland and escape the clutches of a ruthless desert gang leader, Immortan Joe. With the harsh desert sands in front of them and marauders behind, only the maddest will prevail the storm.', "The former policeman Max is captured by the War Boys tribe, commanded by the Immortal Joe and assigned to be blood donor for the Wat Boy Nux who is sick. Meanwhile Imperator Furiosa drives a tank truck to collect gasoline for Joe. However her true intention is to flee from the tyrannical Joe with his five women selected to breed hidden in the truck to her homeland. Immortal Joe commands a party to hunt down Furiosa and Max is chained to Nux's car. Furiosa heads the truck into a sand storm but Nux continues to pursue her. After the storm, Max succeeds to escape from the car and brings Nux chained with him. He sees Furiosa and the five wives and decides to flee in their truck; but there is a secret to operate the truck and he teams up with Furiosa, leaving Nux in the desert. When Joe's gang arrives, they retrieve Nux and follow Furiosa. Will Max and the women succeed in escaping from Joe's gang?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "Years after the collapse of civilization, the tyrannical Immortan Joe enslaves apocalypse survivors inside the desert fortress the Citadel. When the warrior Imperator Furiosa leads the despot's five wives in a daring escape, she forges an alliance with Max Rockatansky, a loner and former captive. Fortified in the massive, armored truck the War Rig, they try to outrun the ruthless warlord and his henchmen in a deadly high-speed chase through the Wasteland.::Jwelch5742", "After a narrow escape in the barren deserts of the dystopian Wasteland, the solitary post-apocalyptic survivor, Max Rockatansky, struggles to stay one step ahead from the water-controlling overlord Immortan Joe's marauding gangs, the Wild Boys. However, Max will soon cross paths with one of Joe's elite lieutenants--the fearless warrior, Imperator Furiosa--who has just fled the Citadel in her heavily armoured War Rig truck, absconding with an irreplaceable quintet of wives. Now, the powerful tyrant and his hordes of delusional zealots are after the unlikely team of Max and Furiosa; however, before the unforgiving Wasteland's deadly immensity, who has what it takes to survive?::Nick Riganas"]
["An Irish rogue wins the heart of a rich widow and assumes her dead husband's aristocratic position in 18th-century England.::Anonymous", "In the eighteenth century, in a small village in Ireland, Redmond Barry (Ryan O'Neal) is a young farm boy in love with his cousin Nora Brady (Gay Hamilton). When Nora gets engaged to British Captain John Quin (Leonard Rossiter), Barry challenges him to a duel of pistols. He wins and escapes to Dublin, but is robbed on the road. Without an alternative, Barry joins the British Army to fight in the Seven Years War. He deserts and is forced to join the Prussian Army, where he saves the life of his Captain and becomes his protégé and spy of Irish gambler Chevalier de Balibari (Patrick Magee). He helps Chevalier and becomes his associate until he decides to marry the wealthy Lady Lyndon (Marisa Berenson). They move to England and Barry, in his obsession of nobility, dissipates her fortune and makes a dangerous and revengeful enemy.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", "The rise and fall of the adult life of Irishman Redmond Barry (Ryan O'Neal), who, in his later life, would be known as Barry Lyndon, from the mid to late eighteenth century, is presented. Growing up in humble means, largely due to the early death of his aspiring lawyer father, the potential family breadwinner, Barry strives to live up to the standards of being a gentleman in every respect of the word, including monetarily. He leads a disjointed early adult life in trying to find his way, sometimes being unfairly given some hard knocks as the ways of the world work around him. He seems to find his stride in falling in love with wealthy and married Lady Lyndon (Marisa Berenson), who he ends up marrying following the death of her elderly first husband, Sir Charles Lyndon (Frank Middlemass). In taking over the affairs of the Lyndon mansion, Barry is able to live a means of his liking, all off the Lyndon's now quickly dwindling wealth due to Barry's squandering. As Barry is without money of his own, Mrs. Barry (Marie Kean) encourages her son to work toward a peerage as a means to have money of his own, as she fears that if Lady Lyndon were to die, she would leave all of what would remain of the Lyndon wealth to her son, Barry's stepson, Lord Bullingdon (Leon Vitali), with whom Barry has always had an antagonistic relationship to the point of Lord Bullingdon wanting revenge on the woes that his stepfather has created in their lives. Outwardly, Lord Bullingdon may seem to be the cause of Barry's fall, however, it may be more attributed to Barry being unable to adapt to any of the lives into which he is thrust to truly reach his goal of being a gentleman.::Huggo", 'A gentlemanly rogue travels the battlefields and parlors of eighteenth century Europe determined to make for himself the life of a nobleman through seduction, gambling, and duelling in this methodical movie showing the rhythm and life of the period.::Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca>', 'Redmond Barry (Ryan O\'Neal) is a young, roguish Irishman who\'s determined, in any way, to make a life for himself as a wealthy nobleman. Enlisting in the British Army, fighting in the Seven Years War in Europe, Barry deserts from the British Army, joins the Prussian Army, gets promoted to the rank of a spy, then becomes pupil to con artist and gambler Chevalier de Balibari (Patrick Magee). Barry then lies, dupes, duels, and seduces his way up the social ladder and enters into a lustful but loveless marriage to a wealthy countess named Lady Lyndon (Marisa Berenson), takes the name of "Barry Lyndon", settles in England with wealth and power beyond his wildest dreams, then slowly falls dramatically into ruin.::matt-282']
['A laid back Southern man is sentenced to two years in a rural prison, but refuses to conform.', 'Luke Jackson is a cool, gutsy prisoner in a Southern chain gang, who, while refusing to buckle under to authority, keeps escaping and being recaptured. The prisoners admire Luke because, as Dragline explains it, "You\'re an original, that\'s what you are!" Nevertheless, the camp staff actively works to crush Luke until he finally breaks.::alfiehitchie', "Lucas Jackson, natural born world shaker, someone with more guts than brains, a man who refuses to conform to the rules he has been given. Sent to a prison camp for a misdemeanor Luke soon gains respect and becomes an idol. He has some fun in jail doing things for the hell of it, after his mother dies the Bosses put him in the box afraid he might want to attend the funeral. When he gets out he runs and gets caught and runs and gets caught, the bosses try to break him but he just won't break.::Sandra Spence", "Luke Jackson is a cool, aloof man incapable of conforming to the societal demands of his surroundings. After being arrested for drunkenly decapitating parking meters, Luke is sentenced to two years in a Florida prison farm where he quickly develops a reputation as a man with an unbreakable will and whose spirit simply can't be broken. Idolized by his fellow convicts while simultaneously detested by his superiors, Luke's bravado in the face of adversity makes him both a hero and a villain in the rural prison. But how long will it take before Luke's body gives out?::Kyle Perez", 'When petty criminal Luke Jackson is sentenced to two years in a Florida prison farm, he doesn\'t play by the rules of either the sadistic warden or the yard\'s resident heavy, Dragline, who ends up admiring the new guy\'s unbreakable will. Luke\'s bravado, even in the face of repeated stints in the prison\'s dreaded solitary confinement cell, "the box," make him a rebel hero to his fellow convicts and a thorn in the side of the prison officers.::Jwelch5742', "Luke is sent to a prison camp, where he gets a reputation as a hard man. The head of the gang hates him, and tries to break him by beating him up. It doesn't work, and he gains respect. His mother dies, and he escapes, but is caught, escapes again, and is caught again. Will the camp bosses ever break him ?::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>"]
["A television network cynically exploits a deranged former anchor's ravings and revelations about the news media for its own profit.::Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@mnsi.net> and Brian McInnis", "In the 1970s, terrorist violence is the stuff of networks' nightly news programming and the corporate structure of the UBS Television Network is changing. Meanwhile, Howard Beale, the aging UBS news anchor, has lost his once strong ratings share and so the network fires him. Beale reacts in an unexpected way. We then see how this affects the fortunes of Beale, his coworkers (Max Schumacher and Diana Christensen), and the network.::Bruce Janson <bruce@cs.su.oz.au>", "The Union Broadcasting System (UBS) is the floundering fourth place American network of only four. Howard Beale, the once popular news anchor for UBS, has seen his own declining fortunes of late. Personal problems have led to his performance slipping, which in turn has led to declining ratings. The network has fired him, effective in two weeks, the news given to him by the head of the network's news division and his long time friend, Max Schumacher. On his first broadcast following receiving this news, Beale announces on air that he will blow out his brains on the telecast in one week's time, and the reason for doing so. The network brass, incensed, pulls him off effective immediately, but Howard, stating he was drunk at the time over the news of his firing, pleads for one final telecast so that he can exit from news broadcasting with dignity. When on the broadcast Howard instead speaks candidly, emotionally and profanely about what he is feeling, Diana Christensen, the relatively new and ambitious vice-president in charge of programming, thinks that Howard is the panacea to all the network's rating problems as Howard is only stating what the public is feeling. She is interested in counter-establishment programming. With Max's blessing, she wants to hijack from the news division a television news show featuring Howard. Through this process, Diana tries to convince network brass to do what she wants not only with Howard's show but other counter-establishment programming, Max wants to preserve his reputation as a news man with integrity, and Howard tries to convince Max and Diana that he is imbued with messages from higher powers, which is making him seem insane to Max (who cares) and Diana (who cares only if his rantings from these higher powers increase ratings). Despite their differences in views, Max and Diana begin a September-May romance, which plays on Max's conscience as a faithful married man for twenty-five years and which Diana always refers to, as she does everything in life, in terms of a television show plot outline.::Huggo", "In this lauded satire, veteran news anchorman Howard Beale discovers that he's being put out to pasture, and he's none too happy about it. After threatening to shoot himself on live television, instead he launches into an angry televised rant, which turns out to be a huge ratings boost for the UBS network. This stunt allows ambitious producer Diana Christensen to develop even more outrageous programming, a concept that she takes to unsettling extremes.::Jwelch5742", "Howard Beale is an aging TV anchorman for UBS who is fired, effective in two weeks, after his ratings have been steadily deteriorating. He reacts to this by sensationally announcing on live television his intention to commit suicide on air. In doing so, Beale becomes a major TV icon and one of the most valuable assets to the Communications Corporation of America (CCA), the company that is gradually taking control of UBS. As a result he is given his own show as 'the mad prophet of the air-waves'. He appears live on television every week-day evening to tell the real truth to the people of America. The program is a huge success but Beale uses his power to make startling revelations about CCA, leaving the company executives with a serious problem.::David Claydon <dc6212@bristol.ac.uk>", 'A fourth network is struggling for ratings and turns its news division over to the entertainment division. As one of the ramifications of this move the news Anchor is fired. He goes on the air with a wonderfully daffy rant and rave session culminating in his insisting that people go to the windows and yell, "I\'m as mad as hell, and I\'m not going to take it anymore." His ravings make him an Icon as the need to sell begins to overwhelm everyone touched by the network.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>']
['After the death of one of his friends, a writer recounts a childhood journey with his friends to find the body of a missing boy.::lisakoffler1967@gmail.com', "It's the summer of 1959 in Castlerock, Oregon and four 12 year-old boys - Gordie, Chris, Teddy and Vern - are fast friends. After learning of the general location of the body of a local boy who has been missing for several days, they set off into woods to see it. Along the way, they learn about themselves, the meaning of friendship and the need to stand up for what is right.::garykmcd", "Upon reading of the death of one of his childhood friends, late thirty-something Gordie Lachance remembers back to an incident when he was twelve involving that friend. His story - It's just before the Labor Day weekend 1959 in his hometown of Castle Rock, Oregon, just before he is about to enter junior high. He, an insecure young man, feels more invisible at home than usual as it's five months after the tragic death of his older brother Denny, the favored son, who he loved and misses as much as anyone. His parents, who just don't understand Gordie's love of storytelling and writing as opposed to Denny's athletic pursuits, still have not gotten over their grief. Gordie spends much time with his three closest same aged friends, who attend school together. Vern Tessio is the slightly dim overweight one, that dimness largely out of naivety. Teddy Duchamp is the crazy one, whose father is also crazy, and he once held Teddy's ear to a stove and nearly burned it off. And Chris Chambers, Gordie's best friend, has in the public mindset a predetermined future as a lowlife, being just the latest lowlife in the Chambers family. Regardless, Chris acts more as a responsible father figure to Gordie in many ways than Gordie's own father. Vern learns from secretly overhearing his older delinquent brother Billy's conversation that he has discovered a dead body in the woods about twenty or thirty miles away, but does not want to do anything about it or tell anyone, especially in authority. With Vern telling his three friends, the four believe it is probably Ray Brower, a boy around their age from another town who went missing three days ago while going blueberry picking. Needing to walk there, they decide to go retrieve the body and thus become heroes in the process. They devise a plan of attack that will give them about twenty-four hours before their respective families may even realize that they are gone. What the four don't realize is that Billy does eventually tell his group of friends, led by the sadistic Ace Merrill, who has a win at any cost mentality, and as such it becomes a race to retrieve the body. But in their physical journey, the four boys also go through an emotional journey about their lives, their friendship and for Gordie why he has what becomes an obsession to see that dead body.::lisakoffler1967@gmail.com", 'As a man writes about an adventure to find a dead body as a 12 year boy, he realizes that he will never have as good as friends as he did when he was younger, does anyone? The boys go through the journey with passion and all the things that brought him and his friends closers than ever.::gavin Johns', "Shocked by the death of a dear friend he finds out in the local newspaper, writer Gordie Lachance takes a trip down memory lane, when back in Oregon in the hot summer of 1959, he and his three close friends, Chris, Teddy and Vern, set out on a life-changing adventure. Back then, the gasping news about the discovery of the body of a 12-year-old boy, sparked an exciting interest in the band of teenagers to follow the train tracks and become the town's heroes by finding first the missing boy's body, unfortunately, however, so did the local tough Ace Merrill and his gang of bullies. Sometimes, growing up can be hard, nevertheless, finding true friends can be even harder.::Nick Riganas", 'Based on Stephen King\'s Short story "The Body", "Stand By Me" tells the tale of Gordie Lachance, a writer who looks back on his preteen days when he and three close friends went on their own adventure to find the body of a kid their age who had gone missing and presumed dead. The stakes are upped when the bad kids in town are closely tailing - and it becomes a race to see who\'ll be able to recover the body first.::Dismal Angel']
['In a decrepit South American village, four men are hired to transport an urgent nitroglycerine shipment without the equipment that would make it safe.::Anonymous', 'In the Central American jungle supplies of nitroglycerin are needed at a remote oil field. The oil company pays four men to deliver the supplies in two trucks. A tense rivalry develops between the two sets of drivers and on the rough remote roads the slightest jolt can result in death.::Col Needham <col@imdb.com>', 'A convoy of trucks driven by four derelicts transports dangerous nitroglycerin to try and quell an oil well fire. Their long, harrowing ride over bad roads with their cargo ready to explode at every jolt and jar; the drivers are gambling with their very lives against the opportunity to escape from their steaming, sordid environment.::alfiehitchie', "In a desolate South American village several men try to find a way out. Their main problem is they are essentially marooned there. The only road out of town goes only as far as the oil drilling rigs and they are nowhere near having the money to fly out. There are no jobs to speak of and one day seems to just blend into the next. When a major fire breaks at the oil drilling site, the oil company hires four men to transport highly volatile nitroglycerin over a rough terrain and roads that have been virtually abandoned. The four accept the job because of the money they're offered is more than enough to allow them to leave once the job is done. The job is so dangerous however that few people expect them to return alive.::garykmcd", "In a remote South American town, four men are hired by an American oil company to transport two truckloads of nitroglycerin to an oil field, to put out a fire. It's a very hazardous task - the nitroglycerin can explode for the slightest reason, the road is treacherous and the journey is a long one. However, the money is very good and their current situation in the town is rather dire - they will do anything to improve their situation.::grantss", 'Begging for work to find the money and run away from the dusty and God-forsaken town of Las Piedras, four stranded men--the tough Corsican, Mario; the nihilistic French gangster, Jo; the Italian workhorse, Luigi, and the mysterious German, Bimba--accept a suicide mission. As a raging fire threatens to consume the facilities of the unscrupulous Southern Oil Company, the desperate men will have to drive two trucks loaded with regular jerrycans filled with highly unstable nitroglycerine over hundreds of kilometres of rugged mountain roads riddled with blind curves to the oilfield. In this tortuous and nerve-wracking journey, the slightest vibration will blow both the drivers and their hulking lorries to smithereens, as the unrelenting heat and the silent rivalry get the best of them. Now, the scarred adventurers are taking their lives into their hands. Does fortune favour the bold?::Nick Riganas']
['A determined woman works with a hardened boxing trainer to become a professional.::Anonymous', "Wanting to learn from the best, aspiring boxer Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank) wants Frankie Dunn (Clint Eastwood) to train her. At the outset, he flatly refuses saying he has no interest in training a girl. Frankie leads a lonely existence, alienated from his only daughter and having few friends. Maggie's rough around the edges, but shows a lot of grit in the ring and he eventually relents. Maggie not only proves to be the boxer he always dreamed of having under his wing, but a friend who fills the great void he's had in his life. Maggie's career skyrockets, but an accident in the ring leads her to ask Frankie for one last favor.::garykmcd", 'Frankie Dunn (Clint Eastwood) owns and runs a boxing gym in Los Angeles, California, as well as managing some of the boxers there. Working for him is Eddie "Scrap-Iron" Dupris (Morgan Freeman). One day he is approached by Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank), who wants him to train her. He declines. Undeterred, Maggie joins his gym, hoping that he\'ll notice her and train. He is equally perseverant, knocking back all of her requests to train her. However, eventually she wears him down and he trains her and manages her fighting career. Her career goes very well, and she now has a shot at the WBA title. Her opponent, champion Billie "The Blue Bear" (Lucia Rijker), does not play fair though.::grantss', 'Frankie Dunn (Clint Eastwood) is a veteran Los Angeles, California boxing trainer who keeps almost everyone at arm\'s length, except his old friend and associate Eddie "Scrap-Iron" Dupris (Morgan Freeman). When Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank) arrives in Frankie\'s gym seeking his expertise, he is reluctant to train the young woman, a transplant from working-class Missouri. Eventually, he relents, and the two form a close bond that will irrevocably change them both.::Jwelch5742', 'Frankie Dunn (Clint Eastwood) has trained and managed some incredible fighters during a lifetime spent in the ring. The most important lesson he teaches his boxers is the one that rules life: above all, always protect yourself. In the wake of a painful estrangement from his daughter, Frankie has been unwilling to let himself get close to anyone for a very long time. His only friend, Eddie "Scrap-Iron" Dupris (Morgan Freeman), an ex-boxer who looks after Frankie\'s gym, knows that beneath his gruff exterior is a man who has been seeking, for the past twenty-five years, the forgiveness that somehow continues to elude him. Then Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank) walks into his gym.::Any', 'Maggie Fitzgerald (Hilary Swank), a poor thirty-one-year-old waitress from the very lower classes and with a dysfunctional loser family, decides to make a difference through boxing. She convinces the experienced hardened boxing trainer Frankie Dunn (Clint Eastwood) to coach her and be her manager, with the support of his old partner Eddie "Scrap-Iron" Dupris (Morgan Freeman), who sees her potential as a boxer. Frankie has a problematical relationship with his daughter, and practically adopts Maggie, along her career.::Steve Mundy']
['After graduating from Emory University, top student and athlete Christopher McCandless abandons his possessions, gives his entire $24,000 savings account to charity and hitchhikes to Alaska to live in the wilderness. Along the way, Christopher encounters a series of characters that shape his life.::Paramount Vantage', 'Based on a true story. After graduating from Emory University, Christopher McCandless abandoned his possessions, gave his entire savings account to charity, and hitchhiked to Alaska to live in the wilderness. Along the way, Christopher encounters a series of characters who shape his life.::Lisa Kelley', 'A young man bravely sets out alone on what turns into a majestic journey to explore the beauty and wonder of the world. Throughout his travels, which ultimatelty lead him into the wild and wilderness, he seeks and ultimately finds pleasure and joy along with a sense of truth and purpose he has been yearning for all his life. Along the way he meets and deeply touches a cast of others who are all in their own ways also looking to escape or move on from the past and enjoy life again.::James Quirke', 'Based on the true story of 19 year-old Christopher McCandless who walked out of his privileged life and promising future to become a back-to-nature wanderer in the 1990s. On the way, he encounters a series of adventures and people that will all shape him in a unique, meaningful way.::Kyle Perez', 'In the spring of 1990, Christopher McCandless obtains his undergraduate degree from Emory. Watching him get his degree are his wealthy parents, Walt McCandless and Billie McCandless, and his teenaged sister, Carine McCandless. Before his parents and sister head home to Virginia following the convocation, Chris, refusing his parents\' gift of a new car to replace his old Datsun which he states works perfectly fine, tells them that he has thoughts of going into Harvard Law, he having received excellent grades in what were largely classes focusing on global social consciousness. Walt, Billie and Carine will learn by the end of the summer that Chris had no intention of going to Harvard as he has since moved from his apartment in Atlanta without a word to them, he arranging with the post office to hold his mail for a couple of months before being "returned to sender" to give him a head start in his escape from his family. Chris\' Datsun is eventually discovered abandoned in the Arizona desert, the authorities believing it being done on purpose as opposed to Chris being abducted. Walt and Billie intend to continue to search for Chris until they know conclusively what has happened to him. Carine, having had much the same upbringing as Chris, believes she understands what he is doing in making this escape. What he has done is either donated most of his money to Oxfam or burned it, and has destroyed all of his ID in an effort to start life anew as a child of the Earth, he rechristening himself Alexander Supertramp. This move is in rebellion to much of western society, and most specifically against the type of life his parents epitomize, they who he believes should never have gotten married and are hypocrites in portraying what they believe society expects of them, being generally unhappy with each other and life in the process. He ultimately wants to live off the land, carrying with him only what material possessions he will need, but wants to experience freedom by traveling the country by thumbing rides or riding the rails, working the odd job until he earns enough to purchase what he needs at any give time, and obtaining some skills he knows he will need to survive in the destination he has in mind when he is ready: the wilds of Alaska. Despite stating that he does not want or need attachments, he does make some human connections along the way, and not necessarily to/with like-minded people.::Huggo']
['A college professor bonds with an abandoned dog he takes into his home.::Anonymous', "Commuting by train, music professor Parker Wilson finds an Akita puppy, whose cage broke unnoticed during shipping, leaving his destination unknown, and since the station can't care for it and the dog catcher warns even such cute ones may not be adopted in the two weeks allowed, he kindly takes it home. His bossy, jealous wife Cate initially makes Parker swear it won't stay, but by the time its' clear nobody will claim him and an adoption candidate is found, she agrees to keep the dog, who won over their daughter Andy and her fiance Michael at first sight. Parker's Japanese college friend Ken inspires naming the pup Hachi(ko), and is pleasantly surprised when Parker successfully tackles the challenge to get it to fetch, which Akitas don't usually do. Hachi makes a habit of waiting for his equally doting master at the station every evening, but after a cardiac crisis, Parker dies. Hachi refuses to accept this, being moved to Michael's home as Cate moves out, waiting for a master who can never come home again, by now collectively adopted by sympathizing town-folk. The story is told in flashbacks as class assignment 'my hero' by Michael's teen son Robbie, who also gets an Akita puppy.::KGF Vissers", 'A schoolboy reports on his hero: Hachiko, his grandfather\'s dog. In a flashback, a puppy at a Japanese monastery is crated and sent to the US. The crate\'s tag tears, and when the puppy pushes his way out of the crate at the train station of a small Rhode Island town, Parker Wilson, a professor of music in nearby Providence, takes the dog home for the night. His wife isn\'t happy about it, but after failing to find the owner, she lets the dog stay. A Japanese friend reads the dog\'s tag - "Hachiko" or "Eight," a lucky number. Parker can\'t teach the dog to fetch, but the friend explains that the dog will forge a different kind of loyalty. Tragedy tests that loyalty.::<jhailey@hotmail.com>', 'Eleven year old Robbie is giving an oral class report on the topic of "My Hero", his chosen subject, Hachi, who on the surface is an unusual choice. Several years earlier, Parker Wilson, who lives in Bedridge in suburban New York City, is a college music/performing arts professor, he who makes the train commute to/from the city every working day. It is on one of those routine days going home that he finds at the Bedridge Station a puppy, who he eventually will learn was being shipped somewhere unknown, with the shipping tag lost. He also learns from Ken, a Japanese professor friend, that the dog is a Japanese breed called an Akita, and that the Japanese character on the dog\'s collar tag is the number eight - "hachi". Parker does whatever he can to find out who the dog belongs to, and although his many acquaintances around the train station do their small part in helping Parker, no one is willing to take the dog, even temporarily. So Parker takes the dog home, despite he and his wife Cate long having dismissed the idea of having a dog. However Parker is able to convince her to let the dog stay temporarily. Eventually on the high probability that they will never find the dog\'s owner, Cate, upon seeing the interaction between the two, lets Parker permanently keep the dog, who he has since named Hachi. Although living in the Wilson home with Parker, Cate and their daughter Andy, Hachi becomes not a Wilson family pet, not Cate\'s, not Andy\'s, but Parker\'s alone as a special bond forms between the two. Although not a "typical" dog in that Hachi will do not what most dogs do such as fetch, Hachi demonstrates an unwavering and lifelong loyalty to Parker in an unusual way that all around him can see. Robbie chose Hachi as his hero because of this loyalty, despite he never having met Parker, who in nonetheless an important part of his life.::Huggo', "Before the entire class, young Ronnie tells the story of his grandfather's exceptional Akita dog. As Ronnie starts to recount the chance encounter of his grandfather, the college music teacher, Parker Wilson, with the abandoned puppy that accidentally ended up in the professor's hometown of Rhode Island, an incredible story of loyalty and devotion begins to unfold. Indeed, at first, Parker intended to find the dog's owner; but, instead, after realising that nobody claims the dog, he decided to keep the abandoned puppy, naming it Hachiko. Then, tragedy struck, giving the perfect example of the strong, the unwavering, and sometimes, the unexplainable bond that can form between a man and an animal.::Nick Riganas"]
['Born on the original Christmas in the stable next door to Jesus Christ, Brian of Nazareth spends his life being mistaken for a messiah.::Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com>', 'The story of Brian of Nazareth (Graham Chapman), born on the same day as Jesus of Nazareth, who takes a different path in life that leads to the same conclusion. Brian joins a political resistance movement aiming to get the Romans out of Judea. Brian scores a victory of sorts when he manages to paint political slogans on an entire wall in the city of Jerusalem. The movement is not very effective but somehow Brian becomes a prophet and gathers his own following. His fate is sealed however and he lives a very short life.::garykmcd', 'Irreverent satire of Biblical movies and religious intolerance focuses on Brian (Graham Chapman), a Jew in Roman-occupied Judea. After joining up with an anti-Roman political organization, Brian is mistaken for a prophet, and becomes a reluctant Messiah.::Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu>', "Brian is born in a stable on Christmas, right next to You Know Who. The wise men appear and begin to distribute gifts. The star moves further, so they take it all back and move on. This is how Brian's life goes. The Jews are looking for a release from the Romans, Spiritual and political decay, keep looking for signs and a group decides Brian is the Messiah. He cannot convince them he is not. He joins the Peoples' Front of Judea, one of several dozen separatist groups who actually do nothing, but really hate the Romans. While not about Jesus, it is about those who hadn't time, or interest to listen to his message. Many Political and Social comments.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>", 'The Monty Python team tells the life, death, and resurrection (?) of Brian of Nazareth (Graham Chapman), an unwilling prophet who wants to free his land from the oppression of Rome. When Brian covers a huge wall with the writing "ROMANI ITE DOMUM" (Romans go home), a local revolutionary group begins to take him seriously.::Flavio Rizzardi <spillo@maya.dei.unpid.it>']
['After a Jewish prince is betrayed and sent into slavery by a Roman friend, he regains his freedom and comes back for revenge.::Kenneth Chisholm', "Judah Ben-Hur lives as a rich Jewish prince and merchant in Jerusalem at the beginning of the 1st century. Together with the new governor his old friend Messala arrives as commanding officer of the Roman legions. At first they are happy to meet after a long time but their different politic views separate them. During the welcome parade a roof tile falls down from Judah's house and injures the governor. Although Messala knows they are not guilty, he sends Judah to the galleys and throws his mother and sister into prison. But Judah swears to come back and take revenge.::Matthias Scheler <tron@lyssa.owl.de>", 'When Prince Judah Ben-Hur hears that his childhood friend Messala has been named to command the Roman garrison of Jerusalem, he is thrilled. He soon finds, however, that his friend has changed and has become an arrogant conqueror, full of the grandeur of Rome. After Judah refuses to divulge the names of Jews who oppose Roman rule, Messala decides to make an example of him and sends him off as a galley slave. Through fate and good fortune, Judah survives the galleys and manages to return to Jerusalem in the hopes of finding his mother and sister, who were also imprisoned, and to seek revenge against his one-time friend.::garykmcd', 'Charlton Heston plays a Jew who is battling the Roman empire at the time of Christ. His actions send him and his family into slavery, but an inspirational encounter with Jesus changes everything. Heston finally meets his rival in a justly famous chariot race and rescues his suffering family.::Jwelch5742', 'In A.D. 26-Jerusalem, the wealthy merchant and son of a Jewish family, Judah Ben-Hur, enjoys a comfortable life. However, the unexpected reunion after many years with his childhood best friend and now a Roman tribune, Messala, will lead to an eventual separation, banishing Judah to a life of slavery and imprisonment at a galley ship. Only an unforeseen and gracious act of pardon will set free the once noble prince, who is now bent on revenge, as the incendiary teachings of the Nazarene Jesus rapidly gain ground. Will Judah finally find peace in this revolutionary and enlightened new doctrine of kindness?::Nick Riganas']
['A young soldier in Vietnam faces a moral crisis when confronted with the horrors of war and the duality of man.::Oliver Turnbull', 'Chris Taylor is a young, naive American who gives up college and volunteers for combat in Vietnam. Upon arrival, he quickly discovers that his presence is quite nonessential, and is considered insignificant to the other soldiers, as he has not fought for as long as the rest of them and felt the effects of combat. Chris has two non-commissioned officers, the ill-tempered and indestructible Staff Sergeant Robert Barnes and the more pleasant and cooperative Sergeant Elias Grodin. A line is drawn between the two NCOs and a number of men in the platoon when an illegal killing occurs during a village raid. As the war continues, Chris himself draws towards psychological meltdown. And as he struggles for survival, he soon realizes he is fighting two battles, the conflict with the enemy and the conflict between the men within his platoon.::Jeremy Thomson', "Chris Taylor leaves his university studies to enlist in combat duty in Vietnam in 1967. Once he's on the ground in the middle of battle, his idealism fades. Infighting in his unit between Staff Sergeant Barnes, who believes nearby villagers are harboring Viet Cong soldiers, and Sergeant Elias, who has a more sympathetic view of the locals, ends up pitting the soldiers against each other as well as against the enemy.::Jwelch5742", 'A gritty and emotional look at the lives of a platoon of American soldiers as they patrol, fight and die in the jungles of Vietnam as seen through the perspective of a young recruit. Two veteran sergeants clash when one of them precipitates a massacre of villagers.::Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca>', 'Chris Taylor has arrived in Vietnam in the year 1967. Initially, he is mostly isolated from the rest of his platoon given that he is new to the unit. Over time, after witnessing combat and getting wounded, Taylor becomes more integrated into his unit. At the same time, tensions emerge following a massacre conducted by members of the platoon and Taylor finds himself caught in the crossfire.::Sam Freeman']
['The merciless 1970s rivalry between Formula One rivals James Hunt and Niki Lauda.::Anonymous', 'Set against the sexy, glamorous golden age of Formula 1 racing in the 1970s, the film is based on the true story of a great sporting rivalry between handsome English playboy James Hunt (Hemsworth), and his methodical, brilliant opponent, Austrian driver Niki Lauda (Bruhl). The story follows their distinctly different personal styles on and off the track, their loves and the astonishing 1976 season in which both drivers were willing to risk everything to become world champion in a sport with no margin for error: if you make a mistake, you die.::P. Morgan', "Both on the track and off, Hunt (Hemsworth) and Lauda (Bruhl) couldn't have been more different. Yet as much as Englishman Hunt's showy public persona clashed with Lauda's reputation for tightly-controlled perfectionism, both men remained bound together by one undeniable fact -- they were both among the best drivers ever to grace the racetrack. When a horrific crash during the 1976 Grand Prix at the Nürburgring nearly claims Lauda's life, however, a grudging respect begins to develop between the two racers as Hunt realizes just how devoted his greatest adversary is to the sport they both like.."]
['Maverick teacher John Keating uses poetry to embolden his boarding school students to new heights of self-expression.', 'Painfully shy Todd Anderson has been sent to the school where his popular older brother was valedictorian. His roommate, Neil Perry, although exceedingly bright and popular, is very much under the thumb of his overbearing father. The two, along with their other friends, meet Professor Keating, their new English teacher, who tells them of the Dead Poets Society, and encourages them to go against the status quo. Each does so in his own way, and is changed for life.::Liz Jordan <c9310494@alinga.newcastle.edu.au>', "A new English teacher, John Keating, is introduced to an all-boys preparatory school that is known for its ancient traditions and high standards. He uses unorthodox methods to reach out to his students, who face enormous pressures from their parents and the school. With Keating's help, students Neil Perry, Todd Anderson and others learn to break out of their shells, pursue their dreams and seize the day.::Jwelch5742"]
["Harry, Ron, and Hermione search for Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes in their effort to destroy the Dark Lord as the final battle rages on at Hogwarts.", "Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson) continue their quest of finding and destroying Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') three remaining Horcruxes, the magical items responsible for his immortality. But as the mystical Deathly Hallows are uncovered, and Voldemort finds out about their mission, the biggest battle begins, and life as they know it will never be the same again.::Jordan", "Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson) continue to find the rest of Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') Horcruxes, until Harry discovers that one is at Hogwarts, they flee there as soon as possible, but Voldemort instantly finds out about their mission. The battle is drawn at Hogwarts as many people fight to protect Harry. Harry then realizes that people are dying constantly for his mistakes and then eventually fights Voldemort for the last time. Along the way, crucial secrets are unravelled, and the mysterious, but legendary, Deathly Hallows reappear."]
['In a future where mutants are nearly extinct, an elderly and weary Logan leads a quiet life. But when Laura, a mutant child pursued by scientists, comes to him for help, he must get her to safety.', "In 2029 the mutant population has shrunken significantly due to genetically modified plants designed to reduce mutant powers and the X-Men have disbanded. Logan, whose power to self-heal is dwindling, has surrendered himself to alcohol and now earns a living as a chauffeur. He takes care of the ailing old Professor X whom he keeps hidden away. One day, a female stranger asks Logan to drive a girl named Laura to the Canadian border. At first he refuses, but the Professor has been waiting for a long time for her to appear. Laura possesses an extraordinary fighting prowess and is in many ways like Wolverine. She is pursued by sinister figures working for a powerful corporation; this is because they made her, with Logan's DNA. A decrepit Logan is forced to ask himself if he can or even wants to put his remaining powers to good use. It would appear that in the near-future, the times in which they were able put the world to rights with razor sharp claws and telepathic powers are now over.", 'In the not-so-distant 2029, the entire mutant race is almost obliterated, and Logan, the invincible bestial superhero once known as the Wolverine, finds himself getting old, and his incredible healing ability significantly weakened. As an incognito limo driver, Logan does his best to guard and keep out of sight a weary nonagenarian Professor Xavier; however, things will take an unexpected turn when a cryptic woman asks him to transport the young mutant girl, Laura. A better future lies past the Canadian borders for the unaccompanied teenager, but the government is unwilling to let go of its asset so easily. In the end, can the ageing Logan protect both himself and Laura?::Nick Riganas', "In a dystopian 2029, no mutants have been born in 25 years. Logan's healing ability has weakened and he has physically aged. The Adamantium coating on his skeleton has begun to leach into his body, poisoning him. Hiding in plain sight, Logan spends his days working as a limo driver in El Paso, Texas. In an abandoned smelting plant in northern Mexico, he and mutant tracker Caliban care for 90-year-old Charles Xavier, Logan's mentor and founder of the X-Men. Charles, a telepath, has developed a form of dementia that causes him to have seizures unless controlled with medication. It is alluded that a seizure one year prior, releasing a destructive wave of his telepathic powers, had killed seven mutants, thus leaving the three (Logan, Charles, Caliban) as the last of the X-Men."]
['The life, times and afflictions of the fifteenth-century Russian iconographer St. Andrei Rublev.::Karl Krejci', 'Andreiv Rublev charts the life of the great icon painter through a turbulent period of 15th Century Russian history, a period marked by endless fighting between rival Princes and by Tatar invasions.::L.H. Wong <as9401k56@ntuvax.ntu.ac.sg>', "The life and times of Andrei Rublev, Russian iconographer of the early-15th century. Over seven periods in his life, spanning 1400 to 1424, we see the history of Russia, the power struggles, the role of the church and religion and Rublev's dedication to his calling.::grantss", 'The narrative film, divided into eight short stories, describes the period of turmoil in Russia at the beginning of the 15th century - from 1400 to 1423, as if seen through the eyes of the icon-monk Andrey Rublev. Separate short stories are little connected with each other, but they paint a general picture of medieval Russia, taking shape like a mosaic. The first small chapter shows the flight of a monk in a balloon. The main plot of the film is the departure of three monks from Andronikov Monastery: Daniil, Cyril and Andrey Rublev.::Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com)']
["In 1431, Jeanne d'Arc is placed on trial on charges of heresy. The ecclesiastical jurists attempt to force Jeanne to recant her claims of holy visions.::Shannon Patrick Sullivan <shannon@mun.ca>", "Giovanna is taken to the Inquisition court. . After the accusation of blasphemy continues to pray in ecstasy . A friar thinks that Giovanna is a saint, but is taken away by the soldiers. Giovanna sees a cross in the shadow and feels comforted. She is not considered a daughter of God but a daughter of the devil and is sentenced to torture. Giovanna D 'Arco says that even if she dies she will not deny anything. The eyes are twisted by terror in front of the torture wheel and faint. Giovanna is taken to a bed where they are bleeding. Giovanna feels that she is about to die and asks to be buried in a consecrated area. Giovanna burns at the stake while devoted ladies cry.::luigicavaliere", "The sufferings of a martyr, Jeanne D'Arc (1412-1431). Jeanne appears in court where Cauchon questions her and d'Estivet spits on her. She predicts her rescue, is taken to her cell, and judges forge evidence against her. In her cell, priests interrogate her and judges deny her the Mass. Threatened first in a torture chamber and then offered communion if she will recant, she refuses. At a cemetery, in front of a crowd, a priest and supporters urge her to recant; she does, and Cauchon announces her sentence. In her cell, she explains her change of mind and receives communion. In the courtyard at Rouen castle, she burns at the stake; the soldiers turn on the protesting crowd.::<jhailey@hotmail.com>"]
['A young boy, left without attention, delves into a life of petty crime.::Zaheer Qureshi', "Seemingly in constant trouble at school, 14-year-old Antoine Doinel returns at the end of every day to a drab, unhappy home life. His parents have little money and he sleeps on a couch that's been pushed into the kitchen. His parents bicker constantly and he knows his mother is having an affair. He decides to skip school and begins a downward spiral of lies and theft. His parents are at their wits' end, and after he's stopped by the police, they decide the best thing would be to let Antoine face the consequences. He's sent to a juvenile detention facility where he doesn't do much better. He does manage to escape however.::garykmcd", "A boy, Antoine Doinel, is often in trouble at school and doesn't get along with his parents, especially his mother. He briefly runs away from home but then returns. After a while he ups the ante and turns to petty crime.::grantss", "14-year-old Antoine Doinel is unfairly punished in school by his teacher in French literature. Next morning his friend René suggests that they play truant. Instead of going to school, they go to the cinema, play pinball, and visit a huge amusement rotor. The following day Antoine tells his teacher that his absence was due to his mother's death; unfortunately his parents turn up at school. Antoine loves his mother, but she dislikes him, because he is the result of an episodic intercourse in her youth before she met Antoine's stepfather. When things get worse, both in school and at home, Antoine runs away. René lives in a huge apartment with his rich parents, who won't notice if Antoine sleeps in René's room. To get money Antoine steals a typewriter from his father's office. The machine is unsellable, so he brings it back to the office, where he is caught by an office janitor. Antoine's stepfather takes him to the police, who imprison him for vagrancy and theft. A juvenile-court judge sends him to an observation centre in the countryside, from where he runs away, and doesn't stop until he reaches the sea.::Maths Jesperson {maths.jesperson1@comhem.se}", "In Paris, early-teen Antoine Doinel always seems to be in trouble. He has a short attention span and is easily distracted, which leads to him doing poorly in school. Some of his problems stem from his home life with his mother, Gilberte Doinel, and his stepfather, Julien Doinel, who is the only father he has ever known as Gilberte and Julien married when Antoine was an infant. When Julien and Gilberte aren't working, they leave Antoine alone to fend for himself. And even when they are home, they are often arguing and their parenting is inconsistent, leading to Antoine having no clear boundaries. On the most part, Antoine truly believes that his mother does not love him. Those issues for which he is blamed are not always his fault, and many of his contemporaries just don't get caught as often as Antoine seems to get caught. Even when Antoine tries to do the right thing, he often is not given credit for his efforts, or his efforts lead to a bad result. The former issue is especially prevalent at school, where his teachers just believe that his school work will not be worth a passing grade. In general, punishments have been ineffective in curbing his behavior as he just rebels more against them. Antoine is often supported and/or egged on in his activities by his best friend René, who often skips school with him. Unless something drastic changes in Antoine's life, he is destined down a path that will lead to nothing good, which is more problematic as he gets older.::Huggo"]
['Paul Rusesabagina was a hotel manager who housed over a thousand Tutsi refugees during their struggle against the Hutu militia in Rwanda.::Bastian Lind', "1994. In Rwanda, the classification of the native population into Hutus and Tutsis, arbitrarily done by the colonial Belgians, is now ingrained within Rwandan mentality despite the Rwandan independence. Despite the Belgians having placed the Tutsis in a higher position during the Belgian rule, they have placed the majority Hutus in power after independence. Paul Rusesabagina, a Hutu married to a Tutsi, Tatiana Rusesabagina, is the House Manager of the Hotel Des Milles Collines in Kigali. The Milles Collines, owned by Sabena (the national airline of Belgium), is a four-star hotel catering primarily to wealthy white westerners. Paul, who knows how to work the system to run the hotel effectively for its guests and for Sabena, is proud that most of the Caucasians who he meets in this professional capacity treat him with respect. After a specific incident, the relative calm between the Tutsi guerrillas and government-backed Hutu militia takes a turn. Paul's thought that the native population as a whole who are not directly involved in the conflict will be protected as the UN peacekeeping forces and thus the world is watching doesn't happen as the western world largely evacuates from Rwanda and abandons the natives. Such begins what will become a genocide of the Tutsi population. Paul, who is able to get his immediate family to the hotel which is still largely seen as a place of sanctuary, will have to use the considerable skills he has used to run the hotel as well as he has instead to keep himself, his family and any others taking refuge at the hotel alive, whether they be Hutu or Tutsi. Meanwhile, Colonel Oliver, a Canadian heading the UN peacekeeping forces, and Pat Archer with the Red Cross do what they can to assist Paul and to get people to safety first to the hotel then out of the country, while field journalists, like photographer Jack Daglish, try to bring the genocide back into the global media to have the world once again care about what is going on.::Huggo", 'During 1994, some of the worst atrocities in the history of mankind took place in the country of Rwanda--and in an era of high-speed communication and round the clock news, the events went almost unnoticed by the rest of the world. In only three months, one million people were brutally murdered. In the face of these unspeakable actions, inspired by his love for his family, an ordinary man summons extraordinary courage to save the lives of over a thousand helpless refugees, by granting them shelter in the hotel he manages.::Sujit R. Varma']
['A woman is hired as a handmaiden to a Japanese heiress, but secretly she is involved in a plot to defraud her.::CJ Entertainment', '1930s Korea, in the period of Japanese occupation, a new girl (Sookee) is hired as a handmaiden to a Japanese heiress (Hideko) who lives a secluded life on a large countryside estate with her domineering Uncle (Kouzuki). But the maid has a secret. She is a pickpocket recruited by a swindler posing as a Japanese Count to help him seduce the Lady to elope with him, rob her of her fortune, and lock her up in a madhouse. The plan seems to proceed according to plan until Sookee and Hideko discover some unexpected emotions.::CJ Entertainment', "Around 1930, in Korea under Japanese rule, Lady Hideko, a beautiful and fragile Japanese heiress, lives with her sadistic and despotic uncle Kouzuki, an intellectual and an avid collector of rare erotic literature, who has raised her since the tender age of five planning to marry her for her riches. As a result, confined in a dreary and sun-deprived mansion, Lady Hideko is a triste bird in a gilded cage and a seemingly easy target for Count Fujiwara, a forger and an outright con man in disguise, who hires Sook-hee, a dexterous young pickpocket, to act as the new handmaiden. So, with the intention to possess her father's inheritance, the Count needs Sook-hee to assist him in persuading the unaware noblewoman to marry him, and when the elaborate scam is finally successful, ruthlessly and without an ounce of remorse, he will send her forever to the madhouse. However, little do they know, that theirs is a doomed scheme and no match for Lady Hideko's unparalleled beauty with her long raven hair and the luscious scarlet lips on a pale and velvety skin.::Nick Riganas", "Korea, 1930s. Sook-Hee, a young Korean woman, goes to work as a handmaiden for Lady Hideko, a young Japanese woman who the heiress to a fortune. Sook-Hee's motives are rather nefarious - she, in league with the charming but unscrupulous Count Fujiwara, a con man, intend to defraud Lady Hideko of her fortune. However, Sook-Hee soon develops a fondness for Lady Hideko and this could potentially jeopardise the plan.::grantss"]
["A horrific car accident connects three stories, each involving characters dealing with loss, regret, and life's harsh realities, all in the name of love.::LVJeff", "On the brink of the new Millennium in the bustling City of Mexico, one horrible car accident intertwines inextricably the lives of three perfect strangers. Octavio, a rebellious adolescent who is secretly in love with his sister-in-law, dreams of escaping his miserable life, and for this reason, he enters reluctantly the obscure world of dog fighting with his lethal dog Cofi. And then unexpectedly, Valeria, a stunning woman and famous supermodel, will cross paths with Octavio, while in the meantime, her pampered little dog Richie manages to vanish into thin air in the confined space of her apartment. Lastly, Chivo, an ex-guerrilla vagabond, after abandoning his little daughter, unable to make up for lost time, he channels his love to the city's strays and a mortally wounded Rottweiler. In the end, even though all the weary characters, men and beasts, wish for a bright future, in this life-changing journey in the pursuit of love, sometimes infidelity, sin and death can get in the way.::Nick Riganas", "Three interconnected stories about the different strata of life in Mexico City all resolve with a fatal car accident. Octavio is trying to raise enough money to run away with his sister-in-law, and decides to enter his dog Cofi into the world of dogfighting. After a dogfight goes bad, Octavio flees in his car, running a red light and causing the accident. Daniel and Valeria's new-found bliss is prematurely ended when she loses her leg in the accident. El Chivo is a homeless man who cares for stray dogs and is there to witness the collision.::Anonymous"]
['The true story of how the Boston Globe uncovered the massive scandal of child molestation and cover-up within the local Catholic Archdiocese, shaking the entire Catholic Church to its core.', 'When the Boston Globe\'s tenacious "Spotlight" team of reporters delves into allegations of abuse in the Catholic Church, their year-long investigation uncovers a decades-long cover-up at the highest levels of Boston\'s religious, legal, and government establishment, touching off a wave of revelations around the world.::Open Road', "In existence since the 1970s, Spotlight is the investigative reporting unit of the Boston Globe. They can spend months or years on a single story, which they choose amongst themselves. As such, they are somewhat autonomous from the rest of the newspaper, only needing to report to their superior. As a rule, they are not to discuss their work with anyone else, whether it be other staff, friends and or family. In 2001, the four person team consisted of its editor Walter Robinson - Robby to his friends - and his team of three investigative journalists, Michael Rezendes, Sacha Pfeiffer and Matt Carroll. Robby reports to the assistant managing editor, Ben Bradlee Jr.. Upon his arrival from his most recent position in Florida, Marty Baron, the newly appointed editor-in-chief. Mr. Baron requests Spotlight to place their current project on hold and dig deeper into a recent story written by fellow Globe reporter and columnist Eileen McNamara, regarding allegations against a Catholic priest of sexual abuse of a minor and what appears to be the subsequent cover-up by the head of the Archdiocese of Boston, Cardinal Bernard Law. They are at first hesitant to work on the story, seeing Baron as an outsider to Boston, he who doesn't understand what is important to locals. Baron's outsider status includes not being born and raised there, and not being Catholic (he being the Globe's first Jewish editor-in-chief). Spotlights first task is to see if they can get some court documents on the case unsealed, which means they will need a court order. The Church and its parishioners could falsely interpret this as The Globe suing the Catholic church. This could have major, negative consequences for The Globe due to the fact that a majority of their subscribers are Catholic. Robby and his team begin by speaking to lawyers who have or are working on alleged sexual abuse cases perpetrated by Catholic priests in and immediately surrounding Boston (those lawyers said including Eric MacLeish and Mitchell Garabedian), known victims (such as Phil Saviano, the head of the Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests (SNAP)) and insiders in the Catholic church. Through this investigation, they get wind that the problem is not contained to a couple of priests and few victims, in essence changing the focus from the priest(s) to the systemic problem of the Archdiocese not only covering up the abuse but in reality doing nothing to stop it and thus condoning it. Their goal is not only the end product of an important story, but making sure that the other major local newspapers, such as the Boston Herald, do not beat them to the scant outline of the story in the public consciousness which the Catholic church could easily quash. Through it all, they may come to some unpleasant realizations that not only the Archdiocese and the Catholic church in general are to blame for what happened.::Huggo", 'In 2001, editor Marty Baron of The Boston Globe assigns a team of journalists to investigate allegations against John Geoghan, an unfrocked priest accused of molesting more than 80 boys. Led by editor Walter "Robby" Robinson, reporters Michael Rezendes, Matt Carroll and Sacha Pfeiffer interview victims and try to unseal sensitive documents. The reporters make it their mission to provide proof of a cover-up of sexual abuse within the Roman Catholic Church.::Jwelch5742', "In 2001, the Jewish editor Marty Baron is hired by The Boston Globe and he asks the Spotlight team to investigate the priest John Geoghan that was accused of abusing children and the lawyer Mitchell Garabedian that has told that Cardinal Law knew what his priest did. Walter 'Robby' Robinson, Mike Rezendes, Sacha Pfeiffer and Matt Carroll are fully supported by Baron and their leader Ben Bradlee, Jr. to set in motion the investigation of the priest and they contact the initially reluctant Garabedian; the lawyer Eric Macleish that has defended many victims; the leader of the victims' rights organization Phil Saviano; and several victims that accept to meet them. After one year investigation, they confirm the names of twenty pedophile priests in Boston and they publish the story showing that Cardinal Law had prior knowledge of the priests' abuse of children::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil", 'The true story of how, in 2001, reporters at the Boston Globe investigated accusations of Catholic priests in Boston molesting children. Following on from leads, interviews with victims, existing court cases and extensive research they reveal decades of abuse. Moreover, they discover that the issue was far wider spread than they at first believed, that senior members of the diocese were aware of the issue and that the church systemically covered up the crimes.::grantss', 'In 1976, at a Boston Police station, two policemen discuss the arrest of Catholic priest Fr. John Geoghan for child molestation and a high ranking cleric talks to the mother of the children. The Assistant District Attorney then enters the precinct and tells the policemen not to let the press get wind of what has happened. The arrest is hushed up, and the priest is released. In 2001, The Boston Globe hires a new editor, Marty Baron. Baron meets Walter "Robby" Robinson, the editor of the newspaper\'s "Spotlight" team, a small group of journalists writing investigative articles that take months to research and publish..']
['The story of six young Indians who assist an English woman to film a documentary on the freedom fighters from their past, and the events that lead them to relive the long-forgotten saga of freedom.::Kaushik S Kalmady', "Sue comes to India to make a film on Indian revolutionaries.She is helped by her friend Sonia who introduces her to her friends Karan,Aslam,Sukhi and their head DJ.Sonia's fiance Lt Ajay Rathod also joins the gang when in town.Their gang always gets in trouble with a political member Laxman who opposes their western culture.After many auditions Sue decides to caste DJ and his friend's in her film.She also casts Laxman in a role thus ending his feud with the gang.All things are going well until Ajay dies in plane crash but manages to save everyone on board.The state minister declares that Ajay died due to his own negligence .DJ an his friends can't take shame given to Ajay by minister and decide to fight for justice.Where things will take ugly events due to political games.::alex.mjacko@gmail.com", "A young idealistic English filmmaker, Sue, arrives in India to make a film on Indian revolutionaries Bhagat Singh, Chandrashekhar Azad and their contemporaries and their fight for freedom from the British Raj. Owing to a lack of funds, she recruits students from Delhi University to act in her docu-drama. She finds DJ, who graduated five years ago but still wants to be a part of the University because he doesn't think there's too much out there in the real world to look forward to. Karan, the son of Industrialist Rajnath Singhania, who shares an uncomfortable relationship with his father, but continues to live off him, albeit very grudgingly. Aslam, is a middle class Muslim boy, who lives in the by-lanes near Jama Masjid, poet, philosopher and guide to his friends. Sukhi, the group's baby, innocent, vulnerable and with a weakness for only one thing - girls. Laxman Pandey, the fundamentalist in the group, the only one who still believes that politics can make the world a better place and finally Sonia - the sole girl in the group, tomboy and vivacious spirit, engaged to Ajay - the dashing air pilot. Through her film, Sue wishes to showcase to the world the efforts of these young revolutionaries and the enormity of their contribution to the freedom movement in India. What unfolds is the inspiration behind Sue's passion for bringing their story to the world. The twist in the tale is of course the fact that more than just telling the world, Sue's film makes DJ and his friends stop and stare at themselves for being the actual descendants of these great men and never recognizing and celebrating their courage and spirit.::fish_wow6", "Arriving in India, a UK graduate enlists a gang of college students to participate in a documentary about India's freedom fighters. Initially, these students scoff at the ideals and people of the past, but a sequence of events set in slow motion a merging of the past and present.::Q. Leo Rahman", 'DJ or Daljeet, Sukhi, Karan, Aslam and Sonia are 5 friends who having graduated from Delhi University, hesitate to get out into the real world, and still roam the campus. Each of them is feisty and loyal. Into this group comes Sue straight from the UK, all determined to make her film on Indian freedom fighters, despite the shortage of funds. Introduced to the others by Sonia, she develops a strong bond with the rest, and especially with DJ. She persuades them to act in the film, and even woos Hindutva-vadi student party-worker Pandey to take the role of Ramprakash Bismil. Gradually the friends ponder over their roles and the lives of the selfless freedom-fighters, and in the face of a tragedy, realize that they too, like Bhagat Singh and Azad, must take action, to ensure that their now corrupt and poverty-laden country, awakens and the guilty do not go unpunished. How they do it, makes for an engrossing second-half.::Amodini', "Dedicated to lives of Indian Airmen who have died due to frequent MiG aircraft crashes, this is a story of five friends, Sukhi, Daljeet, Aslam Khan, Karan Singhania, & Laxman Pandey who are approached by a U.K.-based Filmmaker, Sue, to participate in a documentary about India's freedom fighters like Bhagat Singh, Chandrashekhar Azad, Rajguru, Ashfaqulla Khan, and Ramprasad Bismil. She is quite disappointed as five do not appear interested and one is ready to re-locate to the United States. She does convince them to participate and makes them view their circumstances with a different light, leading Karan to confront his dad, Rajnath, and then things began to change for them, especially with the sudden death of Flight Lieutenant Ajay Rathod, and become even more complicated when the five are accused of assassinating Shastri, India's Defence Minister and hole up in a Doordarshan TV Station - with the Police hot on their tails.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)"]
['Warrior and pacifist Princess Nausicaä desperately struggles to prevent two warring nations from destroying themselves and their dying planet.::Garth Ellis', 'An animated fantasy-adventure. Set one thousand years from now, the Earth is ravaged by pollution and war. In the Valley of the Wind lives Nausicaä, Princess of her people. Their land borders on a toxic jungle, filled with dangerous over-sized insects. Meanwhile, two nearby nations are bitterly engaged in a war and the Valley of the Wind is stuck in the middle.::grantss', 'Taking place in a post-apocalyptic world in the far future, the film tells the story of Nausicaä (Shimamoto), the young Princess of the Valley of the Wind. She becomes embroiled in a struggle with Tolmekia, a kingdom that tries to use an ancient weapon to eradicate a jungle of mutant giant insects, and attempts to stop the Tolmekians from enraging these creatures.', 'In the far future, man has destroyed the Earth in the "Seven Days of Fire". Now, there are small pockets of humanity that survive. One pocket is the Valley of Wind where a Princess named Nausicaä tries to understand, rather than destroy the Toxic Jungle. Note that the old U.S. release titled "Warriors of the Wind" is an entirely "kiddiefied" version which edited the original movie heavily, thus creating an entirely different story.::Alan Takahashi <takahash@ntmtv.com>', "In the far future, a thousand years after a nuclear war left the Earth as a nuclear holocaust. The Valley of the Wind, a small kingdom ruled by King Jil struggles for survival as the community tries to defend the Valley from gigantic Ohmu and toxic plants that live beyond the Valley in the Sea of Decay, while Jil's daughter and heiress to the throne, Princess Nausicaä tries to understand and feels it is wrong to destroy the toxic jungle. The Valley is attacked by the Tolmekian people who plan to destroy the Sea of Decay by using the greatest warriors that started the holocaust. After Nausicaä is taken prisoner, Nausicaä escapes and goes beneath the Sea of Decay where she discovers the toxic plants are not poisoning the air, and are purifying the world by draining the air of radiation and toxins. With everything at stake, Nausicaä unites with the Ohmus and set out to the Valley and foil the Tolmekians plan of unleashing the Great Warrior which will start another holocaust.::Daniel Williamson"]
['A small-time boxer gets a supremely rare chance to fight a heavy-weight champion in a bout in which he strives to go the distance for his self-respect.::Kenneth Chisholm', 'Rocky Balboa is a struggling boxer trying to make the big time, working as a debt collector for a pittance. When heavyweight champion Apollo Creed visits Philadelphia, his managers want to set up an exhibition match between Creed and a struggling boxer, touting the fight as a chance for a "nobody" to become a "somebody". The match is supposed to be easily won by Creed, but someone forgot to tell Rocky, who sees this as his only shot at the big time.::Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au>', 'Rocky Balboa is a kind-hearted and uneducated club fighter from Philadelphia whose main source of income is collecting debts for local crime boss, Gazzo. Despite having talent, nobody believes that Rocky can make to the pros. He falls in love with his best friend\'s sister and everything seems to be going okay. But things just get better as the reigning champion\'s opponent gets injured and Rocky is chosen to take his place because of his nick-name, "the Italian Stallion." Rocky sees it as a chance to live his dream and go the distance with the heavyweight champion of the world.::powermandan', "Rocky Balboa is a struggling boxer failing to make it big time. Despite his true talent and his inability to admit defeat, his friends and his coach, Micky, never give him the time of day. When Apollo Creed, the Heavyweight Champion of the World visits Rocky's home town asking for a lesser man to fight, Apollo chooses him based on his nickname, 'The Italian Stallion'. With his shot at glory in front of him, Rocky trains harder than he thought was possible in order to earn his own self-respect and go the distance.::nalimradek", "Rocky Balboa, a small-time boxer from working-class Philadelphia, is arbitrarily chosen to take on the reigning world heavyweight champion, Apollo Creed, when the undefeated fighter's scheduled opponent is injured. While training with feisty former bantamweight contender Mickey Goldmill, Rocky tentatively begins a relationship with Adrian, the wallflower sister of his meat-packer pal Paulie.::Jwelch5742", "Rocky Balboa is a small-time boxer who lives in an apartment in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and his career has so far not gotten off the canvas. Rocky earns a living by collecting debts for a loan shark named Gazzo, but Gazzo doesn't think Rocky has the viciousness it takes to beat up deadbeats. Rocky still boxes every once in a while to keep his boxing skills sharp, and his ex-trainer, Mickey, believes he could've made it to the top if he was willing to work for it. Rocky, goes to a pet store that sells pet supplies, and this is where he meets a young woman named Adrian, who is extremely shy, with no ability to talk to men. Rocky befriends her. Adrain later surprised Rocky with a dog from the pet shop that Rocky had befriended. Adrian's brother Paulie, who works for a meat packing company, is thrilled that someone has become interested in Adrian, and Adrian spends Thanksgiving with Rocky. Later, they go to Rocky's apartment, where Adrian explains that she has never been in a man's apartment before. Rocky sets her mind at ease, and they become lovers. Current world heavyweight boxing champion Apollo Creed comes up with the idea of giving an unknown a shot at the title. Apollo checks out the Philadelphia boxing scene, and chooses Rocky. Fight promoter Jergens gets things in gear, and Rocky starts training with Mickey. After a lot of training, Rocky is ready for the match, and he wants to prove that he can go the distance with Apollo.::Todd Baldridge"]
["A self-conscious woman juggles adjusting to her new role as an aristocrat's wife and avoiding being intimidated by his first wife's spectral presence.::Noah Orent", "A shy lady's companion, staying in Monte Carlo with her stuffy employer, meets the wealthy Maxim de Winter (Sir Laurence Olivier). She and Max fall in love, marry, and return to Manderley, his large country estate in Cornwall. Max is still troubled by the death of his first wife, Rebecca, in a boating accident the year before. The second Mrs. de Winter (Joan Fontaine) clashes with the housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers (Dame Judith Anderson), and discovers that Rebecca still has a strange hold on everyone at Manderley.::Col Needham <col@imdb.com>", "On vacation in Monte Carlo, wealthy widower Maxim de Winter (Sir Laurence Olivier) meets a young woman who is working as a lady's companion to Mrs. Van Hopper (Florence Bates). They spend a good deal of time together and it leads to love and marriage. The second Mrs. de Winter (Joan Fontaine) is somewhat overwhelmed however when, after their honeymoon, they return to his vast estate, Manderley. She not only has to deal with a huge house and numerous servants, but also with the dour and domineering housekeeper, Mrs. Danvers (Dame Judith Anderson). She soon feels inferior and a disappointment to everyone, particularly her husband Max and Mrs. Danvers - who still adores her dead mistress. Not all is as it seems however, particularly after a striking discovery is made in the sea near Manderley.::garykmcd", "A young woman is in Monte Carlo, working as a ladies' companion, when she meets the recently-widowered, and very wealthy, Maxim de Winter (Sir Laurence Olivier). They fall in love and get married soon thereafter. The de Winters take up residence in Maxim's family estate, Mandalay. Mrs. de Winter (Joan Fontaine) finds it hard to fit in. The presence of Maxim's deceased wife, Rebecca, seems to permeate through the house and Mrs. de Winter can't shake the feeling that she is constantly being compared to her, and that she is an interloper. Mrs. Danvers (Dame Judith Anderson), Rebecca's personal maid, also takes care to make things as uncomfortable as possible for the new Mrs. de Winter. Mrs. de Winter has the constant fear that memories of Rebecca will drive her and Maxim apart. Over time, she grows to know more and more about Rebecca.::grantss", "Maxim de Winter (Sir Laurence Olivier), still troubled by the death of his first wife Rebecca, falls in love with a shy ladies' companion. They get married, but the second Mrs. de Winter (Joan Fontaine) discovers that Rebecca still has a strong hold on everyone in the house, particularly on Mrs. Danvers (Dame Judith Anderson), the housekeeper, who begins driving the young wife to madness.::Claudio Sandrini <pulp99@geocities.com>"]
['24 hours in the lives of three young men in the French suburbs the day after a violent riot.', 'The film follows three young men and their time spent in the French suburban "ghetto," over a span of twenty-four hours. Vinz, a Jew, Saïd, an Arab, and Hubert, a black boxer, have grown up in these French suburbs where high levels of diversity coupled with the racist and oppressive police force have raised tensions to a critical breaking point. During the riots that took place a night before, a police officer lost his handgun in the ensuing madness, only to leave it for Vinz to find. Now, with a newfound means to gain the respect he deserves, Vinz vows to kill a cop if his friend Abdel dies in the hospital, due the beating he received while in police custody.::b4arr2y', 'When the youth Abdel goes to the hospital in coma due to a battering he receives at the police station, there are riots in the outskirts of Paris and one policeman loses his revolver. On the next morning, the Arab Said summons his Jewish friend Vinz and they meet the black boxer Hubert in the slum where they live. Soon Vinz shows the missing gun that he found in the night before and he tells that if Abdel dies, he will revenge his friend killing a police officer. The trio of troublemaker and pothead friends head to the downtown of Paris where they spend the day asking for trouble. On the end of the long night, tragedy happens.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'Vinz, Hubert and Said live in the poorer part of Paris and have to use all their street smarts to get by. After an incident in which the police assaulted a friend of theirs, tensions between police and young working-class men, such as themselves, escalate. Incensed at the potential death of his friend, Vinz is out for revenge.::grantss', "Injured by a police inspector during an interrogation, Abdel is at a hospital, almost dead. In the suburbs where he lives, some riots happened during the night, and one policeman lost his gun. One of Abdel's friends, Vinz, finds it. Vinz and his two pals, Said and Hubert, have nothing to do so they try to kill time. Vinz swears that if Abdel dies, he will shoot a policeman...::Yepok"]
['In order to power the city, monsters have to scare children so that they scream. However, the children are toxic to the monsters, and after a child gets through, 2 monsters realize things may not be what they think.::gamergcfan', 'A city of monsters with no humans called Monstropolis centers around the city\'s power company, Monsters, Inc. The lovable, confident, tough, furry blue behemoth-like giant monster named James P. Sullivan (better known as Sulley) and his wisecracking best friend, short, green cyclops monster Mike Wazowski, discover what happens when the real world interacts with theirs in the form of a 2-year-old baby girl dubbed "Boo," who accidentally sneaks into the monster world with Sulley one night. And now it\'s up to Sulley and Mike to send Boo back in her door before anybody finds out, especially two evil villains such as Sulley\'s main rival as a scarer, chameleon-like Randall (a monster that Boo is very afraid of), who possesses the ability to change the color of his skin, and Mike and Sulley\'s boss Mr. Waternoose, the chairman and chief executive officer of Monsters, Inc.::Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com}', "Sully and Mike are 2 monster employees that work at a lighting/scaring company known as Monsters Inc and are close to breaking the all-time scare record. While mike is out with his girlfriend, Selia, Sully finds a door while looking for mike's paper and something else-a human child running amok in the city! Left with no other choice, sully must now seek help from mike to return the child before everyone finds out and Armageddon breaks out", "In a world behind our closet doors, monsters reign supreme. The utility company Monsters Inc. specializes in fueling their world with the screams of human children. A team of monster scarers led by lovable Sulley and his wisecracking best friend Mike work hard and long hours to ensure the fuel of the screams. But things go crazy when Sulley discovers a mysterious door and a runaway little girl running amok. However, both Sulley and Mike discover that the little girl (Boo) is not actually dangerous, so they must bring her home to the human world. But what the duo doesn't know is that Boo is actually the key to a sinister conspiracy to saving the monster world from a rising crisis.::Blazer346", 'James P. Sullivan (AKA "Sulley") and Mike Wazowski pick up their paychecks at Monsters Inc., the utility company that generates energy from the goose bumps of children. Sulley, the No. 1 scream-generator at the plant accidentally lets in a little girl into the monster world. Since monsters are actually terrified of children it\'s a major cause for alarm and a major headache for Sulley and Mike.::Anonymous', "In a land of monsters, James P. Sullivan is king. He and his coworker/ friend Mike Wazowski are two of many monsters that work for Monsters Inc. a utility company that generates power for a very paranoid and nervous city of monsters. This power, oddly enough, is generated from the screams of children, which is produced by scaring them in their sleep. One night, however, Sully uncovers a devious plot to rid Monster city of it's power problems, but in all the wrong ways. Together, ironically, Sully and Mike will fight to protect the innocence of the children they scare every night.::Redblok", "In the world behind our closet doors, monsters like Mike and Sulley work hard for their income. To be exact, the monster world depends on our children's screams: It is their energy that makes lightbulbs glow and cars drive. Big companies like Monsters, Inc. collect the scream energy, and many monsters work there in shifts. In these times, it is getting harder and harder to shock the kids properly, since they're so spoiled by television, so that there's an energy shortage in the monster world. Sulley, the number one frightener, one day accidentally lets a human child into the monster world. Since kids are supposed to be poisonous and carry loads of diseases, pandemonium ensues. After Mike and Sulley discover that the girl they named Boo actually seems quite harmless, they decide to bring her back through her door into her room. But Boo's presence is more than just a mere accident. Now, Mike and Sulley have to face an enemy within their own ranks.::Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com>"]
['On an isolated island in Brittany at the end of the eighteenth century, a female painter is obliged to paint a wedding portrait of a young woman.::Dick van Riel', "In 18th century France a young painter, Marianne, is commissioned to do the wedding portrait of Héloïse without her knowing. Therefore, Marianne must observe her model by day to paint her portrait at night. Day by day, the two women become closer as they share Héloïse's last moments of freedom before the impending wedding.", "France, 1760. Marianne is commissioned to paint the wedding portrait of Héloïse, a young woman who has just left the convent. Because she is a reluctant bride-to-be, Marianne arrives under the guise of companionship, observing Héloïse by day and secretly painting her by firelight at night. As the two women orbit one another, intimacy and attraction grow as they share Héloïse's first moments of freedom. Héloïse's portrait soon becomes a collaborative act of and testament to their love.", 'Brittany, France, 1760. Marianne is commissioned to paint the wedding portrait of reluctant bride-to-be Héloïse under the guise of a hired companion. Observing Héloïse by day and discreetly interpreting her essence by night, their intimacy blossoms as the portrait progresses towards its inevitable completion.::Mae Moreno']
['A spoiled heiress running away from her family is helped by a man who is actually a reporter in need of a story.', "Ellie Andrews has just tied the knot with society aviator King Westley when she is whisked away to her father's yacht and out of King's clutches. Ellie jumps ship and eventually winds up on a bus headed back to her husband. Reluctantly she must accept the help of out-of- work reporter Peter Warne. Actually, Warne doesn't give her any choice: either she sticks with him until he gets her back to her husband, or he'll blow the whistle on Ellie to her father. Either way, Peter gets what (he thinks!) he wants .... a really juicy newspaper story.::A.L.Beneteau <albl@inforamp.net>", 'In Miami, the spoiled socialite Ellie Andrews is trapped in the yacht of her controller father, the Wall Street banker Andrews, who has just annulled her secret marriage with the snobbish aviator King Westley. Out of the blue, Ellie jumps overboard and swims to the shore. Andrews hires a detective agency to find her and offers a 10,000 dollars reward for any information about his daughter. But Ellie pawns her watch, buys some clothing and a bus ticket to New York to meet her lover. She seats side-by-side with the cynical reporter Peter Warne. However, when a thief steals her purse with her money in a bus stop and Ellie does not report to the police, Peter recognizes and blackmails Ellie, asking her to travel together with him. He promises to protect her and in return he would write her adventure to meet King Westley. Along their journey, Ellie falls in love for Peter; but when he vanishes from the motel where they are lodged and contacts her father later, she believes he was only interested in the reward. In the end, love triumphs and the wall of Jericho falls.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', "Rich heiress Ellie Andrews has married against her father's wishes and manages to get away from him by jumping off the family yacht in Florida. While her father hires a detective agency to track her down, she tries to make her way to New York City. She starts out on a bus where she meets newly unemployed journalist Peter Warne. He's quickly onto her real identity and it's pretty obvious that she's a spoiled brat. She has no money and he decides to help her get to New York thinking he'll get a good story out of it. As they travel together however, they develop an appreciation and an understanding of one another. It soon turns to love.::garykmcd", 'Ellie Andrews is a spoiled heiress who has, against her father\'s will, eloped with fortune-hunting aviator "King" Westley. Jumping ship in Florida to reunite with her new spouse, her impromptu exit leads her to a bus traveling to New York City where she meets cheeky, charismatic news reporter Pete Warne. Warne, recognizing Ellie, agrees to help reunite the two lovers but with a special caveat: the heiress must give him an exclusive on her story. As the two travel northward together, they take part in a series of misadventures which gives rise to romantic feelings.::Kyle Perez', "In Frank Capra's acclaimed romantic comedy, spoiled heiress Ellie Andrews impetuously marries the scheming King Westley, leading her tycoon father to spirit her away on his yacht. After jumping ship, Ellie falls in with cynical newspaper reporter Peter Warne, who offers to help her reunite with her new husband in exchange for an exclusive story. But during their travels, the reporter finds himself falling for the feisty young heiress.::Jwelch5742", "Rebellious socialite Ellie Andrews marries King Wesley but her wealthy father has it annulled. Tired of her father's control, she runs away by diving off the family yacht in Miami and heading for New York. On the bus she meets street-smart reporter Peter Warne. They end up traveling together as Warne hopes to get a great story, and Ellie needs his worldly help. Nearing New York, with their many adventures coming to an end, they find that they are reluctantly in love and afraid to admit it to each other. After she mistakenly thinks that Warne has run out on her Ellie returns to King Wesley, but for how long?::Gary Jackson <garyjack5@cogeco.ca>"]
['A clash between Sultan and Shahid Khan leads to the expulsion of Khan from Wasseypur, and ignites a deadly blood feud spanning three generations.::Akshay', "Shahid Khan is exiled after impersonating the legendary Sultana Daku in order to rob British trains. Now outcast, Shahid becomes a worker at Ramadhir Singh's colliery, only to spur a revenge battle that passes on to generations. At the turn of the decade, Shahid's son, the philandering Sardar Khan vows to get his father's honor back, becoming the most feared man of Wasseypur.::anonymous", "Inspired by the real-life exploits of local gangs and beginning with the bandit-like career of Shahid Khan in the 1940s, the film follows the ruthless rise of his son Sardar and his offspring, Danish, Perpendicular and Definitive Khans. GANGS OF WASSEYPUR mirrors the tumultuous and explosive growth of modern India with ferocious cinematic intensity.The least likely of Sardar's children - the perpetually stoned Faizal who rises to the top ranks of the Khan crime family, vowing brutal revenge on their longtime nemesis, the wily and seemingly unstoppable Ramadhir Singh.::Bb"]
['Two neighbors, a woman and a man, form a strong bond after both suspect extramarital activities of their spouses. However, they agree to keep their bond platonic so as not to commit similar wrongs.::Skip_4591', 'Set in Hong Kong, 1962, Chow Mo-Wan is a newspaper editor who moves into a new building with his wife. At the same time, Su Li-zhen, a beautiful secretary and her executive husband also move in to the crowded building. With their spouses often away, Chow and Li-zhen spend most of their time together as friends. They have everything in common from noodle shops to martial arts. Soon, they are shocked to discover that their spouses are having an affair. Hurt and angry, they find comfort in their growing friendship even as they resolve not to be like their unfaithful mates.::Anonymous', "1962, Hong Kong. On the exact same two days, Mr. and Mrs. Chow and Mr. and Mrs. Chan, who don't know each other, rent a room in adjacent flats from the resident owner, Mr. and Mrs. Koo and Mrs. Suen respectively, and move into their room. They join the friendly relationship that exists between their landlords and the other residents of the building, although the Chows and Chans' entry into the relationships are more cordial than friendly. With Mrs. Chow and Mr. Chan often out of town either on business or personal matters, Mr. Chow and Mrs. Chan lead a somewhat emotionally lonely existence. The cordiality and emotional isolation extend to Mr. Chow and Mrs. Chan's working lives. Mr. Chan, a newspaper journalist who would rather be writing martial arts serials, has as his closest work colleague Ping, a gambler who often takes advantage of that friendship. And Mrs. Chan's job as a secretary to married Mr. Ho largely entails her handling his personal affairs, including managing and facilitating his affair with Miss Yu, something she cannot talk about to anyone. Eventually, Mr. Chow and Mrs. Chan individually come to the realization that their respective spouses are having an affair with each other, mostly taking place when they are out of town together. In dealing with this joint betrayal of their respective marriages, Mr. Chow and Mrs. Chan begin spending time together. Despite they not doing anything untoward with each other, they do not tell anyone of their time together in the inappropriateness of two married people of the opposite sex being alone with each other. As they try to figure out what to do about their respective marriages, the situation becomes more complicated when they admit that they are falling in love with each other, something that neither intended when they began their friendship.::Huggo", 'Hong Kong, 1962. Two married couples, the Chans and the Chows, move in next door to each other. Mr Chan is hardly around, regularly disappearing overseas on business. Mrs Chow works odd hours and also tends to go overseas a lot. Mrs Chan and Mr Chow are initially just neighbors but over time a friendship blossoms, and then develops into something more.::grantss', "Against the backdrop of a bustling 1962 Hong Kong, and a noisy, cramped apartment building, two neighbours, Mr Chow and Mrs Chan, gradually realise that their spouses are having an affair. Blemished by betrayal's painful stain, the lithe Mrs Chan and the morosely handsome Mr Chow now struggle to understand--and keep at bay bottled-up emotions, repression, and loneliness--bound by their noble beliefs and their inflexible morality. However, little by little, a silently passionate undercurrent of inexpressible affection starts to creep up on them, as both find themselves powerless before the catalytic force of love. Are man's vows strong enough to suppress desire?::Nick Riganas", "Hong Kong, 1962, chief editor of a local newspaper, Chau and his wife move into new accommodation of Shanghainese building where he meets Li-chun, who lives in next-door and moves in the same day. It's also a coincidence that both of them are moving in without help from their spouses. As both of their couples are always out for work, they spend more and more time together. One day, they both realize that their particular spouses are having an affair and the discovery shocks both of them...::L.H. Wong <lhw@sfs.org.sg>"]
["Nine years after Jesse and Celine first met, they encounter each other again on the French leg of Jesse's book tour.::Anonymous", 'Early thirty-something American Jesse Wallace is in a Paris bookstore, the last stop on a tour to promote his best selling book, This Time. Although he is vague to reporters about the source material for the book, it is about his chance encounter nine years earlier on June 15-16, 1994 with a Parisienne named Celine, and the memorable and romantic day and evening they spent together in Vienna. At the end of their encounter at the Vienna train station, which is also how the book ends, they, not providing contact information to the other, vowed to meet each other again in exactly six months at that very spot. As the media scrum at the bookstore nears its conclusion, Jesse spots Celine in the crowd, she who only found out about the book when she earlier saw his photograph promoting this public appearance. Much like their previous encounter, Jesse and Celine, who is now an environmental activist, decide to spend time together until he is supposed to catch his flight back to New York, this time only being about an hour. Beyond the issue of the six month meeting, what has happened in their lives in the intervening nine years, and their current lives, they once again talk about their philosophies of life and love, this time with the knowledge of their day together and how it shaped what has happened to them.::Huggo', 'Jesse, a writer from the US, and Celine, a Frenchwoman working for an environment protection organization, acquainted nine years ago on the train from Budapest to Vienna, meet again when Jesse arrives in Paris for a reading of his new book. As they have only a few hours until his plane leaves, they stroll through Paris, talking about their experiences, views and whether they still love each other, although Jesse is already married with a kid.::Moritz Muehlenhoff <jmm@inutil.org>']
['Travis Henderson, an aimless drifter who has been missing for four years, wanders out of the desert and must reconnect with society, himself, his life, and his family.::Anonymous', 'A man wanders out of the desert after a four year absence. His brother finds him, and together they return to L.A. to reunite the man with his young son. Soon after, he and the boy set out to locate the mother of the child, who left shortly after the man disappeared.::Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com>', "After an absence of 4 years, Travis Henderson suddenly reappears in a deserted part of south Texas. His brother Walt fetches him and he is soon reunited with his son Hunter. He can't really explain why he's been away or why he's suddenly reappeared. Walt has been raising Travis' son Hunter and it takes a while for the two of them to get reacquainted. They eventually set off together to find Jane, Travis' wife and Hunter's mother. She is found working in a peep show in Houston but a happy family reunion isn't in the cards.::garykmcd", "A man stumbles out of the desert in southern Texas. He appears to be mute, and doesn't respond to questions. The hospital he ends up in calls his brother in California, who comes to take him back to LA. His brother hasn't seen him in four years. What caused him to be catatonic and wandering around in the desert?::grantss", "Four years after he disappeared without a trace, Travis Henderson reemerges in the small US border town of Terlingua, Texas, where his Los Angeles residing brother Walt Henderson must retrieve him. Travis, looking a little worse for wear, is initially mum about everything that has happened in his life in the intervening years, especially why he and his wife, Jane Henderson, individually abandoned their lives and their marriage which resulted in who was their then four year old son Hunter Henderson being dropped off with Walt and his wife, Anne Henderson. Believing that Travis and Jane had both since died, Walt and Anne have raised Hunter as their own, he who does not generally remember either of his biological parents. Travis' return is thus bittersweet for Walt and Anne who have to decide what to do about Hunter and his relationship with his biological father, which nonetheless is strained in Hunter not really knowing Travis. Travis' return is not by accident as it is just the next step in he reconciling his life with regard to Hunter which involves his want to go to Paris, Texas, where he has purchased some property. But that reconciliation takes a turn when Anne divulges some information to him, which leads to a trip to Houston to make that reconciliation perhaps not more holistic but just in Travis' mind.::Huggo", 'Drifting aimlessly along the barren and dusty Texan desert, a weather-beaten, silent, and amnesiac Travis reunites with his brother after four long years of self-exile. Little by little, Travis--smitten with remorse and brimming with repressed emotions--makes an effort to reconnect with civilisation; after all, his eight-year-old son, Hunter, and his missing wife, Jane, now need him more than ever. The faded memories of a once-happy life; the monotonous stretches of lonely open roads; mute but fiery anticipation, and thousands of kilometres separate Travis from reconciliation. Will he ever find closure?::Nick Riganas']
["An aspiring author during the civil rights movement of the 1960s decides to write a book detailing the African American maids' point of view on the white families for which they work, and the hardships they go through on a daily basis.::Moviedude346", "Set in Mississippi during the 1960s, Skeeter (Stone) is a southern society girl who returns from college determined to become a writer, but turns her friends' lives -- and a Mississippi town -- upside down when she decides to interview the black women who have spent their lives taking care of prominent southern families. Aibileen (Davis), Skeeter's best friend's housekeeper, is the first to open up -- to the dismay of her friends in the tight-knit black community. Despite Skeeter's life-long friendships hanging in the balance, she and Aibileen continue their collaboration and soon more women come forward to tell their stories -- and as it turns out, they have a lot to say. Along the way, unlikely friendships are forged and a new sisterhood emerges, but not before everyone in town has a thing or two to say themselves when they become unwittingly -- and unwillingly -- caught up in the changing times.::Walt Disney Pictures", 'In Jackson, Mississippi, in the 60\'s, the aspirant writer Skeeter Phelan has just graduated and returns home after finding a job writing in a futile newspaper column in the local newspaper. When she arrives home, she finds that her nanny and family\'s maid Constantine Jefferson is gone. Skeeter sees the chance of writing a book about the relationship of the black maids with the Southern society for an editor from New York. First she convinces Aibileen Clark to open her heart to her; then Minny Jackson is unfairly fired by the arrogant Hilly Holbrook, who is a leader in the racist high society, and Minny decides to tell her stories after finding a job with the outcast Celia Foote. Soon eleven other maids accept to be interviewed by Skeeter that also tells the truth about Constantine. When the book "The Help" is released, Jackson\'s high society will never be the same.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', 'The time, the early 1960\'s, the place, Jackson, Mississippi. Eugenia Phalen - Skeeter to her friends and family - has just graduated from Ole Miss and has returned home in part to take care of her seriously ill mother. Unlike her female friends and colleagues who used their Ole Miss time solely to find a husband, Skeeter, who has never dated or had a boyfriend despite wanting romance in her life, strives primarily for a career, either as a serious journalist or editorialist. In Skeeter\'s social circle, the family servants, called "the help", are exclusively black. The female servants do the cooking and cleaning, but their primary responsibility is child rearing. The servants get passed down within families from generation to generation, so the child that they raised ultimately becomes the boss. Fifty year old Aibileen Clark is one such servant, who works for Skeeter\'s easily influenced friend, Elizabeth Leefolt. Skeeter asks Aibileen to help her with her newly acquired job, answering a housekeeping advice column. However, incidents that happen around Skeeter, including her mother seemingly being less than forthright about what happened to their own now absent female servant, the elderly Constantine Jefferson, who raised Skeeter and who Skeeter loved like a mother, make Skeeter come to the decision to write about the experiences of the black female servants in relation to their white bosses. Elaine Stein, a senior editor with Harper & Row in New York, approves the concept, but she knows that Skeeter getting the servants to talk, which Skeeter ultimately discovers is against the law in Mississippi, will be difficult if not impossible. Aibileen, the first and only servant who Skeeter asks, initially refuses Skeeter\'s request. But incidents around Aibileen ultimately get her and her acerbic-tongued best friend, Minny Jackson, who has long worked for the Walters family and now works for the Walters\' racist daughter Hilly Holbrook, to talk to Skeeter on the sly about their experiences. One of those incidents involves Hilly\'s "Home Help Sanitation Initiative", which would ban any black servant from using their white employer\'s washroom. Minny\'s experiences also include those with Celia Foote, a young uncultured woman new to the area who has never had servants, who is now married to Hilly\'s old boyfriend Johnny Foote, and who is shunned by Hilly and her social circle for supposedly cheating with Johnny while he and she were still dating. Even if Harper & Row or any other firm publishes the book, Skeeter and by association any servant who helped her may have a continued rough road ahead in overcoming the resulting wrath, especially by Hilly and her type.::Huggo']
['A successful entrepreneur accused of murder and a witness preparation expert have less than three hours to come up with an impregnable defence.::Nick Riganas', "Adrián Doria, a wealthy businessman named Man of the Year due to his high-tech company and his trade agreements with the Asian market, meets Virginia Goodman, a veteran lawyer expert in witness preparation and judicial declaration, recommended by Adrián's lawyer Felix Leiva in order to create a credible defense. Arrested by the police in a mountain hotel room with the corpse of his lover at his side, photographer Laura Vidal, Adrián talks Virginia about the crime and his relationship with Laura, revealing that both suffered a car crash where a man called Daniel Garrido died, and how Laura manipulated Adrián to avoid the jail by Daniel's death. At the same time that Félix is looking for a clue that it could change the course of the events, Virginia and Adrián keep talking about the case but her, unconvinced of the Adrián's testimony, forces him to clear the dark points of his history, in a puzzle where the truth and the lie are easily exchangeable.::Chockys", 'The international young entrepreneur Adrián Doria seems to have it all in life; wealth, recognition, fame, and above all, a family and a caring wife on his side. But his perfect life is about to crumble like a pack of cards when Doria is found locked in a hotel room next to a dead body, and as a result, he now stands accused of murder. Under those circumstances and with less than three hours to come up with an impregnable defence as a last-minute eyewitness threatens to turn his case around, Adrian will seek help from the esteemed witness preparation expert, Virginia Goodman, while the clock is ticking. Eventually, as the night drags on, diverse interpretations of the incident will emerge, nevertheless, even though there can be more than one sides to a story, in fact, only one can be absolutely real.::Nick Riganas']
["While home sick in bed, a young boy's grandfather reads him the story of a farmboy-turned-pirate who encounters numerous obstacles, enemies and allies in his quest to be reunited with his true love.::Movie Guy", 'An elderly man reads the book "The Princess Bride" to his sick and thus currently bedridden adolescent grandson, the reading of the book which has been passed down within the family for generations. The grandson is sure he won\'t like the story, with a romance at its core, he preferring something with lots of action and "no kissing". But the grandson is powerless to stop his grandfather, whose feelings he doesn\'t want to hurt. The story centers on Buttercup, a former farm girl who has been chosen as the princess bride to Prince Humperdinck of Florian. Buttercup does not love him, she who still laments the death of her one true love, Westley, five years ago. Westley was a hired hand on the farm, his stock answer of "as you wish" to any request she made of him which she came to understand was his way of saying that he loved her. But Westley went away to sea, only to be killed by the Dread Pirate Roberts. On a horse ride to clear her mind of her upcoming predicament of marriage, Buttercup is kidnapped by a band of bandits: Vizzini who works on his wits, and his two associates, a giant named Fezzik who works on his brawn, and a Spaniard named Inigo Montoya, who has trained himself his entire life to be an expert swordsman. They in turn are chased by the Dread Pirate Roberts himself. But chasing them all is the Prince, and his men led by Count Tyrone Rugen. What happens to these collectives is dependent partly on Buttercup, who does not want to marry the Prince, and may see other options as lesser evils, and partly on the other motives of individuals within the groups. But a larger question is what the grandson will think of the story as it proceeds and at its end, especially as he sees justice as high a priority as action.::Huggo', "A kindly grandfather sits down with his ill grandson and reads him a story. The story is one that has been passed down from father to son for generations. As the grandfather reads the story, the action comes alive. The story is a classic tale of love and adventure as the beautiful Buttercup, engaged to the odious Prince Humperdinck, is kidnapped and held against her will in order to start a war, It is up to Westley (her childhood beau, now returned as the Dread Pirate Roberts) to save her. On the way he meets a thief and his hired helpers, an accomplished swordsman and a huge, super strong giant, both of whom become Westley's companions in his quest.::Afterburner <aburner@erols.com>", 'When the lovely Buttercup is kidnapped by a ghastly gang intent on fomenting an international incident they find they are pursued by the Dread Pirate Roberts who just might be Westley, her one true love. Also after everyone is nasty Prince Humperdinck to whom Buttercup is now betrothed but who seems to care little for her continued survival. The stage is set for swordfights, monsters, and tortures - but will Grandpa be allowed to finish telling the story with all these kissy bits?::Jeremy Perkins {J-26}', "Return to a time when men and swamps were swamps. Fire Swamps, that is. Full of quicksand and Rodents of Unusual Size. Lagoons were inhabited by shrieking eels. And the most beautiful woman in the world was named . . . Buttercup? Well, it's a bent fairy tale. Complete with all the fencing, chasing, escapes, and silly accents you'd expect. Including such unique folk as Inigo Montoya, who has dreamed his whole life of finding the six-fingered man who killed his father. Fezzik is his enormous sidekick. And Max is the kvetching miracle man. Blonde Buttercup loves Westley, a poor stable boy. But when he's captured by pirates, she's chosen by evil Prince Humperdinck to be his princess bride. Along the way, she gets kidnapped, he gets killed. But it all ends up okay.::Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com>", "When a young boy falls ill, his grandfather pops round to visit him. To cheer his grandson up, Grandpa has brought a storybook; The Princess Bride, a tale of the love between the beautiful Buttercup and the besotted Westley, a love cruelly interrupted by Westley's tragic apparent death at sea when seeking his fortune. Heartbroken, Buttercup has sworn never to love again, but accepts the marriage proposal of the rich and handsome Prince Humperdinck, heir to the throne of Florin; but death is no barrier to true love, and in a story filled with exotically-accented swordsmen, big-hearted giants, genius kidnappers, sadistic torturers, vile swamps, Rodents of Unusual Size, the Dread Pirate Roberts and a somewhat embittered miracle worker, the love between Westley and Buttercup twists and turns on a path filled with adventure. Will the True Love of Westley and Buttercup win the day? Will Inigo Montaya find the six-fingered man who murdered his father? Will Humperdinck's evil plans come to fruition? And, more importantly, will Grandpa be able to tell the story without any of the yucky kissing?::Scott Nisbet"]
['Desperate measures are taken by a man who tries to save his family from the dark side of the law, after they commit an unexpected crime.', "Vijay Salgaonkar runs a cable TV network in a remote and hilly village of Goa. He lives a happy life with his wife Nandini and two daughters. A 4th grade dropout & an orphan, Vijay has worked his way towards success with his sheer hard-work & street smartness in order to provide for his family who mean the world to him. A man of few means & needs; Vijay believes life is to be lived simplistically - his wife, while she loves him devoutly, wants Vijay's thrifty & miserly behavior to end and wants the world for her family. If there's one thing that Vijay cannot live without, it is his passion for watching films. Such is his 'filmy' obsession that he doesn't mind staying up all night at his office binging on TV movies! In a bizarre turn of events; a teenage boy goes missing; he is the son of a headstrong & no-nonsense cop; IG Meera Deshmukh and the Salgaonkar family is the prime suspect! Will a humble & middle class man, be able to protect his family from oppression of the powerful? How the family weathers the storm that ensues during the violent investigation forms the rest of the story leading to an unexpected & shocking climax.::Dhruvi Dokania", "Vijay Salgaonkar a cable operator in small Goan village lives with his wife and two daughters, He is very much crazy about films and could spend a whole night watching it, His teenage daughter Anju goes for a college camp where her MMS is shot by Sam Deshmukh son of IG Meera Deshmukh and Business Tycoon Mahesh Deshmukh.One night Sam comes to Anju's house and blackmails her wanting to have his way on her but gets killed by her mother Nandani. When Vijay returns home he is shocked to see the events and uses his knowledge to dispose the body of Sam. But he is always under suspicion from his rival Inspector Gaitonde.::alex.mjacko@gmail.com"]
["In 1984, a human soldier is tasked to stop an indestructible cyborg killing machine, both sent from 2029, from executing a young woman, whose unborn son is the key to humanity's future salvation.::vsuperkuns", 'Sent back from a dystopian 2029--where the cold machines have conquered the entire world--to 1984 Los Angeles, the indestructible cyborg-assassin known as the "Terminator" commences his deadly mission to kill humankind\'s most important woman: the unsuspecting, Sarah Connor. However, from the same war-torn post-apocalyptic future comes a battle-scarred defender--Kyle Reese, a brave soldier of the human Resistance Army--bent on stopping the cybernetic killer from eliminating the world\'s last hope. But, the Terminator has no feelings, he doesn\'t sleep, and above all, he won\'t stop until he carries out his grim task. Does our future lie in our past?::Nick Riganas', 'A cyborg is sent from the future on a deadly mission. He has to kill Sarah Connor, a young woman whose life will have a great significance in years to come. Sarah has only one protector - Kyle Reese - also sent from the future. The Terminator uses his exceptional intelligence and strength to find Sarah, but is there any way to stop the seemingly indestructible cyborg ?::Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com>', "In the future, Skynet, a computer system fights a losing war against the humans who built it and who it nearly exterminated. Just before being destroyed, Skynet sends a Terminator back in time to kill Sarah. The terminator can pass for human, is nearly indestructible, and has only one mission. One soldier is sent back to protect her from the killing machine. He must find Sarah before the Terminator can carry out it's mission.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>", 'A cyborg assassin called "The Terminator" is sent back through time to 1984 to kill the seemingly innocent Sarah Connor--a significant woman in a bitter future war with a race of machines. If the Terminator succeeds, mankind is doomed. Sarah\'s only hope is a soldier from that post-apocalyptic war, who has chased the Terminator back through time. The future of the human race depends on which one finds her first.::Ed Martin <Yeti67@bookham.demon.co.uk>']
['In 1992, war rages in Abkhazia, a breakaway region of Georgia. An Estonian man Ivo has decided to stay behind and harvest his crops of tangerines. In a bloody conflict at his door, a wounded man is left behind, and Ivo takes him in.::Anonymous', "War in Georgia, Abkhazia region 1992: local Abkhaz are fighting to break free from Georgia. Estonian village between the mountains has become empty, almost everyone has returned to their homeland, only 2 men have stayed: Ivo and Margus. But Margus will leave as soon as he has harvested his crops of tangerines. In a bloody conflict in their miniature village wounded men are left behind, and Ivo is forced to take them in. But they are from opposite sides of the war. This is touching anti-war story about Estonians who find themselves in the middle of someone else's war. How do they handle it? How do the enemies act under third-party roof?::Annts", 'Ivo, an old Estonian farmer, has stayed back in Gerogia along with his friend, Margus to harvest the abundant Tangerines. His bleak life is turned upside down when he decides to shelter Ahmed, a Muslim Chechen mercenary and a Georgian, Niko, both having lost their men & injured heavily from combat. It does not help matters that the pair are constantly waiting to pounce back at each other once their respective health permits.::PipingHotViews', "It's the early 1990s. Estonian settlements have existed in the Caucasus for over one hundred years. Most Estonians returned to their homeland upon the outbreak of war in the region between the Georgian government and the Russian backed Abkhaz separatists, leaving those Estonian settlements virtually empty. One of the few Estonians that has stayed is elderly Ivo, whose reason for doing so is known only to his closest confidantes. He is building crates for his Estonian neighbor Margus' last crop of tangerines, before Margus himself will join his family already back in Estonia. Although he admits the money will be good, Margus stayed this one last growing season if only not wanting the fruit to go to waste. He has made arrangements with the local Abkhaz military to assist in harvesting the fruit on a specific date. One day outside Margus' property, opposing forces, three on the Georgian side and two on the Abkhaz side, have a skirmish. Three die in the battle, with the remaining two being seriously wounded, they being Nika, a Georgian soldier, and Ahmed, a Chechen mercenary fighting for the Abkhazs. With the assistance of Margus and the local physician, his friend Juhan, Ivo decides to take in the two still alive and nurse them back to health. When the two regain consciousness, he is clear to them that their war will not be tolerated in his home, the two agreeing to the condition that they will not attempt to kill the other while they are in the house. Ivo will not only have to watch out for the two to keep to their word - although he knows he cannot do anything once they have recuperated and are back to their regular lives - but also hide any evidence of a Georgian soldier and a Chechen mercenary in his home, or of the dead soldiers having been in the area, the bodies which he and Margus buried, and their military vehicle hidden in a ravine. Discovery by either side of what has happened or of the two soldiers in his home could jeopardize all their lives. What eventually happens in their collective lives is in part the result of Ivo's sensibilities regarding his reason for not returning to Estonia.::Huggo", "1992. A war rages in Abkhazia, a separatist region within Georgia. A small village in the region has a largely Estonian population but the vast majority of them have left, due to the war. Two men remain - Ivo and Margus. They are staying to harvest, box and sell Margus's tangerine crop. However, the war catches up with them when a skirmish between the opposing forces occurs in their village. The only survivors are on opposing sides - a Georgian and a Chechen mercenary - and they're both wounded. Ivo takes them both in, but the animosity between the two soldiers could end in bloodshed.::grantss"]
['Two young Swedish children experience the many comedies and tragedies of their family, the Ekdahls.::Karl Krejci', 'It\'s the early twentieth century Sweden. Adolescent siblings Alexander and Fanny Ekdahl lead a relatively joyous and exuberant life with their well-off extended paternal family, led by the family matriarch, their grandmother, Helena Ekdahl. The openness of the family culture is exemplified by Helena\'s now deceased husband ending up becoming best friends with one of her lovers, a Jewish puppet maker named Isak Jacobi, and their Uncle Gustav Adolf\'s open liaison with one of the family maids, Maj, who everyone in the family adores, even Gustav Adolf\'s wife, Alma. Between the siblings, Alexander in particular has inherited the family\'s love of storytelling, his parents and his grandmother who are actors and who manage their own theater. Things change for Alexander and Fanny when their father, Oscar, dies shortly after Christmas 1907. Although she truly does believe she loves him, the children\'s mother, Emilie, decides to marry Bishop Edvard Vergérus, who she first met as the officiate at Oscar\'s funeral. She also wants a father figure for the children. Going into the marriage, Emilie has inclinations that it will be a much different life than she had with the Ekdahls, but is not prepared for the harsh, austere and strict life Edvard rules with an iron fist. Emilie, Alexander and Fanny end up being prisoners in the bishop\'s stark and humorless house. As Alexander butts head with his stepfather and tries to learn how to keep to his own principles while obeying Edvard, Emilie tries to figure out a way to regain her and her children\'s own destiny, as Edvard will not consent to divorce, and her "desertion" in the eyes of the law means that Alexander and Fanny would become his wards.::Huggo', "Alexander Ekdahl and his younger sister Fanny live a wonderful life. Their parents own a local theater and the extended Ekdahl family are close, spending Christmas together. Just a few weeks after the Christmas celebrations however, their beloved father dies. The children and their mother feel the loss greatly and Alexander occasionally sees his father's spirit in the house. After a period of time, their mother informs them that she is to be married to Bishop Edvard Vergerus, someone Alexander had already encountered over a lie he once told at school. The Bishop's house is a dreary place and the Bishop proves to be a strict disciplinarian who insists on all house rules being followed. After being caught in another lie, Alexander is severely beaten and his mother realizes she must find a way to send the children away.::garykmcd", 'As children in the loving Ekdahl family, Fanny and Alexander enjoy a happy life with their parents, who run a theater company. After their father dies unexpectedly, however, the siblings end up in a joyless home when their mother, Emilie, marries a stern bishop (Jan Malmsjö). The bleak situation gradually grows worse as the bishop becomes more controlling, but dedicated relatives make a valiant attempt to aid Emilie, Fanny and Alexander.::Jwelch5742', "The title characters are children in the exuberant and colorful Ekdahl household in a Swedish town early in the twentieth century. Their parents, Oscar and Emilie, are the director and the leading lady of the local theatre company. Oscar's mother and brother are its chief patrons. After Oscar's early death, his widow marries the bishop and moves with her children to his austere and forbidding chancery. The children are immediately miserable. The film dramatizes and resolves those conflicts. A sub-plot features Isak, a local Jewish merchant who is the grandmother's lover and whose odd household becomes the children's refuge.::<jhailey@hotmail.com>"]
["A war-hardened general, egged on by his ambitious wife, works to fulfill a prophecy that he would become lord of Spider's Web Castle.::Kenneth Chisholm", "After securing a major victory on the battlefield, Taketoti Washizu and one of his commanders, Yoshiaki Miki, find themselves lost in the maze-like Spider's Web forest. They come across a spirit-like seer who tells them of their future: both have been promoted because of their victory that day; Washizu will someday be the Great Lord of the Spider's Web castle while Miki's son will someday rule as Great Lord as well. When they arrive at the castle, they learn that the first part of the prophecy is correct. Washizu has no desire to become Great Lord but his ambitious wife urges him to reconsider. When the current Great Lord makes a surprise visit to his garrison outpost, Washizu is again promoted to commander of his vanguard but his wife reminds him of the danger that comes with the position. As pressure mounts, Wahizu takes action leading to its inevitable conclusion.::garykmcd", 'After a victorious battle, two generals, Washizu and Miki, are confronted by a spirit who predicts their futures. Washizu will be promoted and will ultimately be leader of the realm. Miki will also be promoted and his son will eventually be leader of the realm. Both immediately dismiss these utterances but once they are promoted, they start to believe them. Washizu is spurred on by his ambitious, scheming wife, Asaji. When a chance comes to kill the current leader, Washizu seizes upon it.::grantss', "Drunk with victory, the battle-hardened General, Taketoki Washizu, and his fearless brother-in-arms, General Yoshiteru Miki, become lost in the mournful mist of the rain-soaked Spider's Web Forest, while riding back to Lord Tsuzuki's castle. There, enveloped by a livid fog, the men have a fateful and spine-chilling encounter with the supernatural, as its otherworldly medium gives them a bold and favourable bipartite prediction about their future. However, repressed desires fanned by the rapacious ambition of Washizu's ghost-like wife, Lady Asaji, will pave the way for short-lived triumphs, as, little by little, ill omens begin to devour the usurper's blood-drenched castle. Man's vainglory inextricably intertwines with his demise. Who dares to sit on a throne of blood?::Nick Riganas", "A transposition of Shakespeare's 'Macbeth' to medieval Japan. After a great military victory, Lords Washizu and Miki are lost in the dense Cobweb Forest, where they meet a mysterious old woman who predicts great things for Washizu and even greater things for Miki's descendants. Once out of the forest, Washizu and Miki are immediately promoted by the Emperor. Washizu, encouraged by his ambitious wife, plots to make even more of the prophecy come true, even if it means killing the Emperor...::Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk>", "In the Sixteenth Century in Japan, the brave generals Taketori Washizu (Toshirô Mifune) and Yoshiaki Miki (Minoru Chiaki) are invited to visit their lord in his castle after a battle wined by them against a traitor general. In the way to the castle, they meet in the forest an evil spirit that foresees their future from the bottom of their hearts, with Washizu being the lord of an important mansion in the fields of their lord, Miki the commander of the First Fortress and Miki's son the successor of Washizu. When they meet their master, the first part of the prophecy comes true for Washizu and Miki.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil"]
['In the 1950s, fear and violence escalate as the people of Algiers fight for independence from the French government.::Chthon2 <mezzodon@yahoo.com>', "A film commissioned by the Algerian government that shows the Algerian revolution from both sides. The French foreign legion has left Vietnam in defeat and has something to prove. The Algerians are seeking independence. The two clash. The torture used by the French is contrasted with the Algerian's use of bombs in soda shops. A look at war as a nasty thing that harms and sullies everyone who participates in it.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>", 'In 1954, the National Liberation Front of Algiers shots many French policemen beginning a movement for the independence of their country; in return, the Chief of Police plants a bomb in the Arab quarter, killing many dwellers. The NLF sends three women with bombs to two bars and the Air France office in the European quarter, killing many people. The French government sends the military forces under the command of the abusive Colonel Mathieu that does not respect the human rights and uses torture to destroy the NLF command. In 1962, the Algerians finally achieve their aimed independence.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil', '1954. France, after the independence of the nations comprising Indochina, turns its attention to incidents in French Algeria, which they have ruled for approximately one hundred thirty years. The National Liberation Front (FLN) is leading the resistance in Algeria against their colonial rulers, the FLN who the French authorities believe, or want to believe, comprise only a small minority of the Muslim Algerian population in wanting Algerian independence. Specific incidents in this battle in Algiers between 1954 and the time of independence in 1962 are presented. The FLN began their campaign in shooting military police in the Casbah, the predominantly Muslim quarter of the city, as they were able to blend back into the scene with the support of the populace. These initial one by one attacks escalated on both sides to mass killings, where collateral damage was seen as being acceptable. Both sides also worked toward the United Nations discussion on the issue, each wanting global support for their cause. The events largely focus on two people, one on each side. The first is Ali La Pointe, a lifelong petty criminal and illiterate who the FLN recruited after being politicized while in prison. The second is French paratrooper Colonel Mathieu, a lead French strategist whose main goal is to dismantle the FLN activities by "cutting off the head of the tapeworm".::Huggo', 'Filmed in a semi-documentary format, this film deals with the battle of Algiers (1956-57) part of the broader fight for Algerian independence (1954-62) from French colonial rule. The rebels began their attacks by shooting policeman and other government officials. When they start bombing public places in the European sector - cafés, restaurants, the Air France office - the authorities send in crack military units. Through large-scale arrests and torture, the colonel in charge focuses on locating and eliminating the leaders of the movement.::garykmcd']
['A kindhearted street urchin and a power-hungry Grand Vizier vie for a magic lamp that has the power to make their deepest wishes come true.::Noah Orent', "Aladdin is a poor street urchin who spends his time stealing food from the marketplace in the city of Agrabah. His adventures begin when he meets a young girl who happens to be Princess Jasmine, who is forced to be married by her wacky yet estranged father. Aladdin's luck suddenly changes when he retrieves a magical lamp from the Cave of Wonders. What he unwittingly gets is a fun-loving genie who only wishes to have his freedom. Little do they know is that the Sultan's sinister advisor Jafar has his own plans for both Aladdin and the lamp.::Blazer346", "When street rat Aladdin frees a genie from a lamp, he finds his wishes granted. However, he soon finds that the evil Jafar has other plans for the lamp-- and for Princess Jasmine. Can Aladdin save Princess Jasmine and his love for her after she sees that he isn't quite what he appears to be?::Jwelch5742", "Aladdin is a poor yet care-free street urchin in an Arabian city. One day he meets Princess Jasmine, the daughter of the Sultan of the land, and falls madly in love. However, the evil Jafar, the Sultan's sorcerer, imprisons Aladdin and manipulates him into working for him. Unknown to Aladdin, he is the only one who can enter and unlock the treasures of a secret cave, including a magical lamp. Aladdin finds the lamp and releases the genie trapped within. The genie offers to grant him three wishes. Meanwhile, Jafar wants the lamp and the Princess has to be married within three days. Many adventures follow...::grantss", 'Aladdin is a street urchin who lives in a large and busy town long ago with his faithful monkey friend Abu. When Princess Jasmine gets tired of being forced to remain in the palace that overlooks the city, she sneaks out to the marketplace, where she accidentally meets Aladdin. Under the orders of the evil Jafar (the sultan\'s advisor), Aladdin is thrown in jail and becomes caught up in Jafar\'s plot to rule the land with the aid of a mysterious lamp. Legend has it that only a person who is a "diamond in the rough" can retrieve the lamp from the Cave of Wonders. Aladdin might fit that description, but that\'s not enough to marry the princess, who must (by law) marry a prince.::Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au>', 'Aladdin, a street dog, is the only person who can enter the cave of wonders and retrieve a magical lamp for the dark Vizier Jafar. Aladdin becomes trapped in the cave with his sidekick, Abu, and accidentally discovers the resident of the lamp. Aladdin develops a relationship with the Genie and uses his wishes to become a prince to chase the affections of Princess Jasmine. When Jafar finally steals the lamp and gets three wishes of his own, Aladdin must rely on his intelligence to trick Jafar and save his friends and the Kingdom.::FMJ_Joker']
['Three unemployed men look for answers to all their money problems - but when their opportunity arrives, will they know what to do with it?::Q. Leo Rahmen', "Baburao is a landlord in India, who is very near-sighted, and always in financial trouble. He has a tenant named Raja, who has not paid his rent for several months. He also has anther tenant named Shyam, who has come to the city to look for a job in his late father's place, but is unable to find employment. The three men quarrel amongst themselves frequently. Then one day, the three men get a phone call from a kidnapper named Kabira, and decide to make use of this phone call to overcome their financial problems - pretend to be the real kidnappers, increase the ransom amount, keep the incremental amount for themselves, and then give the original ransom demanded to Kabira. Will they get away with this idea?::Tanya", 'Shyam (Sunil Shetty), an unemployed youth and Raju (Akshay Kumar), a laundry worker are boarders at the home of mechanic Baburao (hilarious Paresh Rawal). Each dreams of making it big, and one evening, a cross-connection on their phone lets them in on a kidnapping scheme that they figure can lead them to the big bucks. The film has one of the most hilarious sequences in Hindi cinema, when bank manager Asrani tries to hook up Shyam with Anuradha (Tabu), to the amusement of a by-stander (Snehal Dabi) who mistakes Asrani for a pimp. Great cameo byOm Puri as a beleaguered Punjabi truck driver.::Joyojeet Pal', 'Ghanshyam "Shyam" (Sunil Shetty) comes to Bombay from a small village to claim a job with a bank that employed his late father, Sunderlal, who was killed while the bank caught fire several years. According to rules and regulations, the bank must hire him in his father\'s place. Competing with him is the daughter of yet another employee, who was also killed in the fire, Anuradha Shivshankar Panikar (Tabu). Shyam rooms with a myopic but kind-hearted garage owner, Baburao Apte (Paresh Rawal), who has also rented another of his rooms\' to Raju (Akshaye Kumar), who dreams of making it big in the city but is currently broke and unable to pay rent for several months now. Shyam has come to the city so that he can return Rs.35000/- he borrowed from Kharak Singh (Om Puri), who in turn needs the money to get his sister married. Baburao needs money to pay off his debtors. And to add to this chaos, Baburao keeps on getting a series of wrong numbers on his telephone, asking for Deviprasad. One day he gets a call from Kabira (Gulshan Grover) who demands a ransom from Baburao, thinking it is Deviprasad (Kulbhushand Kharbanada). The trio decide to "liase" between the victim\'s dad and the kidnappers, and keep some of the money for themselves. Murphy\'s Law prevails, and things get even more hilariously chaotic, as the trio are on the run from Kabeera; the police; more wrong numbers; and Kharak Singh.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)', 'Raju and Shyam are boarders at a hostel owned by their friend Babu Rao. All the three friends are in dire need (and have fantasies) of big money. Babu Rao needs money to pay back debts his father incurred, Raju needs money to send to his mother and Shyam needs money to pay back Kharak Singh, a villager friend with a wedding to arrange quickly. Of these, Shyam is the only one to get a job, but he sacrifices it to Anu, a woman with serious troubles (and with whom he eventually develops a hate-to-love relationship). One day, a gangster named Kabira kidnaps the granddaughter of millionaire Devi Prasad. But when he calls Babu Rao\'s telephone number by mistake to demand the ransom, Raju sees the answer to all their money problems. He suggests they play a game, and do some "hera pheri" - and that\'s when the trouble starts...::Q. Leo Rahman']
["A model discovers a retired judge is keen on invading people's privacy.::Murray Chapman <muzzle@imdb.com>", "Valentine is a young model living in Geneva. Because of a dog she ran over, she meets a retired judge who spies his neighbours' phone calls, not for money but to feed his cynicism. The film is the story of relationships between some human beings, Valentine and the judge, but also other people who may not be aware of the relationship they have with Valentine or/and the old judge. Redemption, forgiveness and compassion...::Yepok"]
['Wyoming, early 1900s. Butch Cassidy and The Sundance Kid are the leaders of a band of outlaws. After a train robbery goes wrong they find themselves on the run with a posse hard on their heels. Their solution - escape to Bolivia.::grantss', 'Butch and Sundance are the two leaders of the Hole-in-the-Wall Gang. Butch is all ideas, Sundance is all action and skill. The west is becoming civilized, and when Butch and Sundance rob a train once too often, a special posse begins trailing them no matter where they run. Over rocks, through towns, across rivers, the group is always just behind them. When they finally escape through sheer luck, Butch has another idea, "Let\'s go to Bolivia". Based on the exploits of the historical characters.::John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net>', "In the turn of the century American west, Robert LeRoy Parker and Harry Longabaugh are better known by their aliases, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, partners and arguably the most renowned outlaws in the area, they who hold up banks or trains. Within the partnership, Butch is the brains, Sundance the shooting brawn. Despite their outlaw status, they are seen as an affable duo by those that know them, even by many of their so called adversaries. Butch has compiled the Hole in the Wall Gang, named after his hide-out in the Wyoming mountains, and is its de facto leader, primarily because he was the one who brought them all together. But as time goes on, Butch and Sundance are finding that changing circumstances are making their work more and more difficult, which leads to others within the gang questioning Butch's leadership. Following one of the gang's jobs holding up a train, a posse of six men on horseback are after them, not the gang as a whole, but rather only Butch and Sundance. The duo have to figure who the six men are to find out their end goal. In trying to get away, they are assisted by their friend, schoolteacher Etta Place, who is officially Sundance's girlfriend. She ended up with Sundance instead of Butch, only because the two of them saw each other first. Butch and Sundance will learn how far the posse will go to get what they were tasked to do, and in turn Butch and Sundance will also learn how far they will go to preserve their lifestyle as well as their lives.::Huggo", 'The true story of fast draws and wild rides, battles with posses, train and bank robberies, a torrid love affair, and a new lease on outlaw life in far away Bolivia. It is also a character study of a remarkable friendship between Butch, possibly the most likeable outlaw in frontier history, and his closest associate, the fabled, ever-dangerous Sundance Kid.::Jwelch5742', 'Wyoming, early 1900s. Butch Cassidy and The Sundance Kid and the leaders of the Hole In The Wall Gang, a band of outlaws. After a train robbery goes wrong the find themselves on the run with a posse hard on their heals. Their solution - escape to Bolivia.::grantss']
